Divergence (mini lesson)

Divergence just means one pair is doing something while the other pair is doing something different. These are supposed to be moving together: S&P and US 100 (NAS). Almost everything in the market has a diverging pair, something that moves almost identically or with an inverse relationship, and both tell us information. When one of the twins diverges from the path, it gives us clues. We always want to know which one is the stronger pair and which is the weaker pair. If it's stronger it will go up faster, so if I'm looking for a buy it only makes sense to take the stronger one up. If it's the weaker one, the market could crash at any time, so if I'm looking for a sell it only makes sense to take the weaker one, because that crash will take us to our TP faster.

In this example, look at which signals come in first (pretty identical here), then see which liquidity is being swept. Look at this candle: we swept out the DB reversal zone, but we didn't close below it, so it's still bullish. But the fact that we wicked down here, we took out this liquidity. NAS on the left did not take out that liquidity. So US 500 is the weaker pair. We have a double break to the upside, so we're looking for a buy. Which one do I want to take? Obviously the stronger pair, because it was so strong it couldn't even make its way down to sweep that low. It wants to go up. That's the one I'd look for the entry to go long on. And we never closed below that DB reversal zone, which is another bullish sign that this DB is going to be completed: this fractal will be completed and that high taken out. NAS did end up going higher because it was stronger, and it pulled US500 with it.

Use this in conjunction with the rest of the strategy. Divergence alone doesn't mean anything, just like the blue and purple zones or the DSD. It's just more information. It's not that US 500 didn't eventually go up. If you take the weaker pair up or the stronger pair down, it could give one or two more wicks, one or two more stop hunts that take you out of your position, or consolidate longer before following its twin. So we always watch which one is stronger and which is weaker: the stronger one we take up, the weaker one we take down.
