Reversal Set Up (Fractal Effects course video, 14:41) — transcript pulled from Google Drive's auto-transcript, 2026-10-07
Source: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EEtaXZKS_Ewb5H2H1mxG4EsmV3nkOi8v/view

On-screen slide: REVERSAL SET UP — "Changing Tides"
When detecting a potential reversal, we look for 3 key criteria on the 5M timeframe:
1. Has price reached a higher-timeframe Fair Value Gap (FVG), such as the 4-hour or Daily FVG, or swept higher timeframe liquidity (high and lows)?
2. Has the market closed above or below the designated reversal area?
3. Has a reversal zone formed?
If all 3 criteria have been met, there is a potential indication that the market may be reversing.
At that point, we wait for price to return to the reversal zone. Once price re-enters the zone, we begin looking for a 1-minute Fair Value Gap to form off the reversal zone, followed by a 30-second FVG. The entry process is then the same as our regular entry model.
Because a reversal setup carries additional uncertainty, you should reduce your position size accordingly.

--- Transcript ---

Reversal setup. When detecting a potential reversal, we look for three criteria on the 5M time frame. Remember, this is on the 5M. One, has price reached a higher time frame fair value gap such as a 4hour or a daily fair value gap or swept higher time frame liquidity in the form of highs and lows. That's one. Two, has the market closed above or below the designated reversal area? That's going to be those lines that are painted that have the signal name in it. M, 2M, DB, 2DB — has the market closed over that line. Three, has a reversal zone formed? Remember the algorithm is going to create that zone for you, and it's going to figure out exactly where that zone should be. So you want to see has a zone formed. So that's the third criteria. If all three criteria have been met, there is a potential indication that the market may be reversing. Now, at that point, we wait for price to return to the reversal zone. Once price re-enters the zone, we begin looking for our one minute fair value gap to be formed off of that reversal zone, followed by a 30-second fair value gap. The entry process is the same as our regular entry model. Okay? Because a reversal setup carries additional uncertainty, you should reduce your position size accordingly.

All right. So, this is the reversal setup. Now, every time a signal fires, you're going to get a reversal area that's going to line up with it. So, when you get an M, you're going to get an M. If you get a 2M, you're going to get a 2M down here. And so on and so on. DB, DB, 2DB, 2DB. So, as soon as the market closes above or below these lines that are painted, the system is going to start detecting a reversal zone. So, if you have many fair value gaps in that leg that closed over, it will do the work for you and find a reversal zone. It's going to paint it out. Red means we're going down, green means we're going up. Okay? And then we just wait for the market to come back into it, and we look for a one minute fair value gap to build off of this and then a 30-second fair value gap off of that one minute. Remember the entry is going to be the same entry model that we have. We're just skipping the five. This acts as the five. So this is the five minute because we're already on the five minute. This whole thing is going to be set up on the five minute and then once again 1 minute, 30 seconds and then closure over a series of candles. And we want to reduce our lot size when we enter that position as well.

So now here's a DB example to the upside. Right? There was your M reversal area fired here. Market eventually turned into a DB. DB reversal area fired here. Market closed over this reversal area. Created a reversal zone. Came back into it. Could have started looking for a one minute setup off of this — one minute fair value gap, tap, 30 second fair value gap to go short.

Now let's look at the example the other way. So there's your M signal closed over the M reversal area. Now keep in mind when you get an M, the reversal zone just helps us, right? Because we're going in this direction anyways, we want the market to actually bounce off of this, because this is a manipulation signal. So this actually helps us. But if there was for example a first presented fair value gap and the market took off from us, and then it went and crossed the M reversal area way over here and the market painted out a reversal zone, then you can use that reversal zone to continue for the M setup. You don't have to wait for it to come all the way back down to the first presented fair value gap. So those reversal zones, they kind of act like blue zones. There's a high probability that the market will not go past them. So you can start looking for an entry off of that. Remember 1 minute, 30 second, go.

Now here's the double break. So there was your M to the downside. As soon as this signal fired, this line appeared, the M reversal area, and then it turned into a double break to the downside. There's your DB reversal area, candle closure, reversal zone was created. Market came back, tapped it, and then you could have started looking for an entry here. 1 minute fair value gap, 30 second fair value gap off of that and then entry to go long. So once again, we reduce our lot size when we have this model. Okay, anytime you're looking for a reversal setup, you have to reduce your lot size. And we're still going for the exact same setup. 1 minute fair value gap tap. 30 second fair value gap tap, closure over a series of candles. Same risk-to-reward. We're going to roll our stop after we hit 2R. Close off 50% of our position and then look for 3R and line it up with one of our areas, right? Our blue zones, our purple zones, our DSD high and low or just liquidity zones.

Now, we're going to show you live examples next. Here we are with the reversal detection. So as soon as a signal prints, you're going to get a reversal area. So as soon as M prints, you're going to get M's reversal area. So if the market closes above this area, you're going to get a reversal zone that's painted out for you. Now that means if the market comes back and taps this, there's a good chance that it could be reversing and heading away from this. Now, we already know that M means manipulation. So, we're already looking for a play away from this signal, right? We get an M. It didn't turn into a DB. We got the first presented fair value gap. The market actually took off without us. And then it closed above the reversal area, painting a reversal zone, which the market also did not come back and tap. Instead, it carried on, gave us an M signal to the upside. Now, we have a 2M between these two. And again, there was the 2M. Market continued up, turned into a DB, and there's the DB reversal area. So, usually after a DB, what happens? We wait for the market to pull back, then we look for an entry to go in the direction of the DB signal, right? We wait for a five minute fair value gap and then tap, 1 minute, 30 second, etc. But in this particular scenario, we closed below the DB reversal area and we printed right here — just got to zoom in, it's a bit of a sliver — but we printed a reversal zone right there, which the market tapped, even closed above, immediate rebalance, and then eventually headed down to create the next setup for the next session. So, in this particular example, the market actually started the next session right here. This is where New York started with the M signal. So that lets you know that you can also use these setups to see if the previous session's obligation has been met. So in this particular example right here was 5 minutes before New York open. We had already tapped and then here comes New York open. Tap the blue zone, closed below the area and then dropped.

Now how we use this as far as an entry: we want to first and foremost decrease the lot size when you're looking for a reversal. Just got to protect yourself. Secondly, we want to make sure we hit a higher timeframe either fair value gap or swept out higher time frame liquidity, right? Higher time frame highs and lows right here. So, if higher time frame liquidity has been taken or if we hit a 4hour or a daily fair value gap, then we could be reversing. That's the first thing we look for. First criteria. Second one, did we close? Did a candle body close? Not a wick, right? You want to see a candle body close over that line, whichever line it is you're using. Okay, step three. Did we get a reversal zone that's printed? You'll see them. They're different. Here's green ones going up and red ones going down, but they're different than the spotlight fair value gaps. You'll see them sticking out. And then obviously we want to tap and then we're still looking for a one minute entry. So we want to hit it — I mean sorry, a 30-second entry. We want to hit it. We want to create a one minute fair value gap off of it. We want to tap that and create a 30-second fair value gap and then closure over series. So the entry is exactly the same. We just get rid of the five minute. Right? Because this acts as a five minute. These zones act as five minute fair value gaps. So as soon as we hit them, we can start looking for a one minute fair value gap off of it. Tap, 30 second fair value gap, closure, and then you can take that obviously for a 1 to 3. You want to make sure that you're lining it up with liquidity zones, blue zones, DSD high and low, etc. So they act as areas of a reversal during the session that you're in. And then if the next session starts, you can look back and see if the obligation to the previous session has been met. Right? This was already reversing. We already took out higher time frame liquidity. We had already closed below the reversal area. We had already printed a reversal zone right there. So when New York opened, it tapped right into it. Tapped this blue zone as well. And then once again, it dropped. So the entry would have been in here off of a 1 minute and a 30 second.

Now let's go back. So once again, those three things, write those down. We're looking for higher time frame liquidity to be swept or a higher time frame fair value gap to be hit, a 4 hour or a daily. That's criteria number one. Two, did we get a closure over the reversal area, which are these lines, right? Each one again is matched up with a signal. So, M, M, 2M, 2M, DB, DB, 2DB, 2DB right here. Did we close over it? And three, did we print a reversal zone right here for example? So if all of that criteria is met, then you're good.

So another thing we want to cover is: previously if we got a 2DB, we would avoid that setup. Now we're going to show you how to actually see which direction the market actually wants to go. Our goal is to give you the most amount of information and to show you exactly which out of the DBs is most likely to be satisfied. So, let's start here. There's your M signal. There's the reversal area. Now, we're already looking for a five minute fair value gap. There's none in here. And finally, we get that closure over here. Prints a reversal zone. Market did not tap. It kept dropping. We had a 2M which turned into a DB. Now, here's the reversal area for the DB. Market closed above it, created a reversal zone. We tapped it and then we followed the market up. So this DB did not get fulfilled. Pull back. We wicked it. We didn't close here. Market gesticulated but didn't create a 5 minute fair value gap and came back up and closed and then created that reversal zone which the market came back and tapped. And then you could have looked for a one minute, 30 second entry to go long. And your target would have been obviously this purple zone, this purple zone, or the high left right here by the original M signal. Now, eventually it turned into a 2DB. Well, there's the 2DB's reversal area, right? Market closed right there under it. Now, there's a purple zone in here, so it's a little hard to see the reversal zone. Market came back up right here, went up even a little bit higher, couldn't pass it, and then eventually you could have looked for a one minute, 30 second to go short. Now, this was an Asia setup that led right into London. So, already going into London, we knew that we had taken out the 2DB reversal area. There was a reversal zone. Market came back, tapped it. We also have a purple zone here and then eventually led to an M signal, right? But that was the drop. And then as you can see, it kept going down to fulfill this DB. So the fact that we got a closure over here and a reversal zone that was painted kind of let us know that the market might go and head for this DB to satisfy that. And it never satisfied this DB. We had a pullback, but it never completed this fractal to take out this high. So that's how you know. Once again, you want to stay above these zones. You can wick them. You can maybe even do an immediate rebalance. But if there's a fair value gap that was left in this leg, which once again will be painted out — and if there's two fair value gaps, the system's going to let you know which one's the highest probability one — then we want to see how the market reacts in there, right? We still want to see a rejection. We still want to follow the rest of the strategy. So once you get a closure and you have a gap, market is most likely heading away and heading to the other DB. Right? Once again dropped here. This is once again lower probability. So we would decrease our lot size and make sure we protect ourselves as we drop, rolling our stops or trailing under the highs as the market is dropping.
