4-hour model, aligning 4-hour with Blue Zone. The 4-hour model tracks the market's rhythm of manipulation and expansion. Each session either manipulates price or expands in the intended direction. Your goal is to align this sequence with your daily bias and your Blue Zone manipulation move for high confluence entries. 6-10pm. If 6 or 10pm candle manipulates, then 2am becomes the expansion candle, continuing off the consequence encroachment of that previous candle. If 6 or 10 consolidates, then 2am manipulates instead. 2-6. If 2am manipulates, then 6am expands. 6-10. If 6am manipulates, then 10am expands. And 10-11. If 10am manipulates, avoid entries. Price may reverse off of a higher time frame PD array, i.e. a 4-hour fair value gap or liquidity sweep, even if the Blue Zone has a double break. Still avoid. Expansion candles confirm directional intent. Wait for manipulation, then align entries with consequence encroachments of the previous candle. Daily bias for the best setups. Now if we're bullish, we expect there to be a reversal during the London. London is where majority of the reversals happen. So when you're looking at the 4-hour chart, the three candles to focus on is the 6pm, 10pm, 2am, New York Standard Time. So here's the 6, 10 hit this 4-hour fair value gap, right, between this candle's low and this candle's high. And then 2am swept out the low and closed bullish. There's your London reversal. Now I'm hoping that we're possibly going to get a continuation for New York. But we want to see a reversal happening during the London. So it takes out the liquidity from the overnight session and it hits a higher time frame fair value gap, this 4-hour fair value gap. So here, similar setup where we have 6, 10pm swept out the lows of 6, and then 2am, again, took out the low of 10 and closed bullish. So we can hope that it's going to be a sweep for this liquidity up here. And if we haven't swept this liquidity by the time London closed, then we can hope that the next candle that opens, the next 4-hour candle after 2, would be 6am. And that's also going to have within it the New York open, right, because it goes from 6 to 10. And New York open is at 9.30 Eastern Standard. So we're hoping that it's going to reach for the liquidity that wasn't reached for during London. Now here's another setup. There's your 6. Here's your 10pm. We hit a 4-hour fair value gap. This candle's low, this candle's high. This is zone right here. We hit this 4-hour fair value gap, 2am, swept out the low, and then closed bullish. So I'm hoping that the next candle is going to continue. The New York candle, 6 to 10. But we want to see what's happening here. We want there to be a reversal pattern happening during the London. That gives us some kind of an idea of what New York could be doing next, right? And when you have this kind of an expansion, like 2am, I want to take the midpoint measurement of this candle. You can use a Fibonacci tool from TradingView, or you can use, just paint a box, right, the box tool from TradingView. Drop it from candle wick high to candle wick low, and it already has a midpoint in it. And you use that midpoint as the 50%. But draw a line out. And that way you know that if price stays above this, we're going to be bullish. If price closes below this on the next candle, then we're going to be most likely bearish and do another sweep down here. Obviously, we pair this up with our buy-sell model guys on the lower timeframe. We don't just use one thing on its own, right? We want to use the signals, the buy-sell models, everything. But this is just to give us an idea of what could be happening and what to expect during the next session. And finally, here we have, once again, 6 p.m. 10 p.m. swept out the overnight liquidity of all these candles. Here comes 2 a.m. swept out even 10 p.m., closed bullish. But it closed right into this fair value gap. Now, this is where you got to be careful, right? So we got this reversal where the market pushed up, but it also hit a higher timeframe fair value gap. So remember, it's only a buy model until it's not. It's only a sell model until it's not. So until it's hit that higher timeframe liquidity zone or hit that higher timeframe fair value gap, it could then reverse after that. So we want to be cognizant of that and we want to, again, use it with our buy-sell model and see what happens during the session, New York session next. So remember, if the London session is where we're looking for a reversal, then the New York session is where we're usually looking for a continuation. So we're hoping that the market continues during this session based off of the market structure that we just analyzed from London. So let's take a look. Now remember, there's 6 p.m., 10 p.m., 2 a.m. swept out the lows from the overnight, hit this 4-hour fair value gap on the 4-hour, and now we have a 6 a.m. expansion candle, bullish expansion candle that just took out this liquidity. But we're hoping that it expands, right? Just like we were talking about on the last model. So as soon as we've swept out this liquidity and hit this higher timeframe fair value gap, we're anticipating that this next candle, which is also where New York open is, right? So this is the 6 a.m. candle that goes from 6 all the way to 10 a.m. Now 930 is your New York open. But we want to see an expansion. We want that 10 a.m. candle, which is going to be the next 4-hour candle, right? 10 comes after 6, the 4-hour. We want that to be a continuation unless we've taken out higher timeframe liquidity, which we have right here. We took out all the liquidity at the top here, and we've hit this inefficiency. So all we can do is forecast, and we want to stay above the 6, sorry, above the midpoint of the 6 a.m. candle if we're going to be bullish for the remainder of the New York session. So, and again, we use that in confluence. We want to pair that up with our buy-sell model with everything else. We don't use one thing on its own. So let's look at the next setup here. 10 swept out 6, 2 a.m. swept out 10 p.m. right here, took out the liquidity, and now we have an expansion model right here, expansion candle at 6 a.m. And we've taken out this liquidity right here. So what are we anticipating? So for the next candle, we're anticipating it to stay above the midpoint of the 6 a.m. candle and continue up. We want New York to be a continuation of this model because we've already taken out the higher time frame liquidity down here. Now, if we take in liquidity on both sides, then again, we will reassess and we'll pair that up with the buy-sell model and see where the market wants to go next. But we want to stay above the midpoint of the 6 a.m. if we're going to be bullish, and if we do close below that, then clearly that's a bullish, sorry, a bearish signal. So we have to be just aware of that. Now here's something similar where we dropped all the way down into this huge 4-hour fair value gap from this candle's low, this candle's high, the space that's created right here. And 2 a.m. went past the midpoint closed, and then we have another expansion from 6 a.m. Now, we've already hit this 4-hour fair value gap, right? So where's the next liquidity? Up here. So we can hope that the next candle that prints, the 10 a.m., is going to be an expansion candle right up here to take out this liquidity, this high. So we want to stay above the midpoint of the 6 a.m. candle. Remember, just mark it out using either the box tool or the Fibonacci measurement tool from TradingView and mark out the 50% point of this candle, 6 a.m. candle. And we want to stay above that in order for us to have a bullish day. Now here's the final setup. We had 2 a.m. sweep out all that liquidity from down here. 10 swept liquidity first. 2 a.m. swept all that liquidity closed bullish. We were already anticipating that the 6 a.m. candle was going to be a bullish candle right into this 4-hour fair value gap, which hasn't been hit, right? This candle's low. This candle's high. 4-hour fair value gap, we hadn't hit it yet with the 2 a.m., so we were anticipating 6 would run right into it, and it did. So what happens now? So we've hit this higher time frame fair value gap. We could get a reversal here. So again, we want to pair that up with our buy-sell model and see where the market wants to go next. But that higher time frame agenda has already been accomplished, right? So we have to be cognizant of what comes next. So now let's look at the New York reversal. So usually it's London. That's the session that usually reverses when you're looking at the 4-hour model setup. If you do not get a London reversal, you can get it during New York if we hit that higher time frame, just like we covered in the last slide, right? So here's London all the way to 2 a.m., and it hit this 4-hour fair value gap, but it didn't reverse. These are just three candles pushing down into this 4-hour fair value gap. So here comes 6 a.m. It's swept out low but closed above the midpoint of this fair value gap. So then we can, again, expect for 6 a.m. to be an expansion candle, and since 6 a.m. has not swept this liquidity here, it can continue. But if we had swept out this liquidity, it can then also reverse. Then New York could be a reversal, right? So it could either reverse from here or it could reverse from here depending on how high it takes it. If it has not taken out this liquidity, it's a good bet that that's where we're going next. So that's why we want to pair New York 4-hour reversal with a buy model. We pair that up and we make sure that the confluence is there, and then we aim for this liquidity up here. So same thing here. We consolidated during the London. Look at this, right? 6, 10, 2, didn't do anything. Now here comes the 6 a.m. candle for the New York open. We've already swept out the low here. We've just tapped it, taken liquidity. Now once again, if we haven't swept this higher time frame liquidity, that's where we're heading next. If we already have, then this could be the reversal, right? Because New York has to reverse if London didn't. If London just consolidated, then we wait to see which liquidity is taken first, the high or the low. Is it under the London session, right? Or is it above the London session? There's the London session, right there. 6, 10, 2. What did we sweep first? And whatever we swept first, we're probably going in the opposite direction next. So once again, here, for our fair value gap. Here comes London, no reversal during London session. Here comes New York, swept out the low, closed bullish, deep into this fair value gap between this candle's low and this candle's high. 6 o'clock. Now where do we think 10 is most likely going to go to this liquidity? This is a beautiful candle. Look at it. It's engulfing, it's swept out the low, and it closed above the 50% point, the consequence encroachment of this fair value gap. So we can only surmise that the next candle is going to, the 10 o'clock candle is going to go reach for this liquidity zone, right here. And then finally, right here, we have 6, 10, 2, swept out the liquidity. And now here comes 6 o'clock, closed bullish, right into this fair value gap. And once again, we got to see if this next candle is going to be bearish because we hit the 50% point of this fair value gap already between this candle's high and this candle's low, this zone. Or are we going to continue past this and go for this liquidity up here? Again, we have to match that up with our buy-sell models. So we put together a quick reference table just so you understand the move. Remember each one of these represents a four-hour candle. So if your 6 or your 10 four-hour candle manipulates, then your 2 a.m. should expand, meaning you've taken out the liquidity here, and now this should be an expansion candle. If your 6 and 10 consolidate or retrace, then 2 a.m. should manipulate, meaning sweep out these lows or highs, and or tap a four-hour fair value gap that these are just floating around. Now, if 2 manipulates, then 6 should expand away. If 6 manipulates, then 10 a.m. should expand away, become that expansion candle. But if you get a 10 to 11 a.m. manipulation, you want to most likely avoid this. This is where higher time frame reversals happen. You don't really want your 10 a.m. to set the high or the low for the day. You want to, again, take a look and make sure you're not hitting a higher time frame PDA rate, like a four-hour or a daily fair value gap, because this is where it could completely just reverse on you, even if you have a double break, even if you have a bearish confirmation on the spotlight strategy. So we like to usually just avoid these, or if you're going to just try, make sure you're looking at a lower time frame, a one-hour window, and make sure that those candles are expanding away. Did, for example, 9 a.m. sweep liquidity, and then did 10 expand away from it? That way 11 will be a continuation candle. So you want to make sure that the one hour then matches up with the four-hour and your lower time frame, the 5m strategies. Now we're going to go over the four-hour model. Four-hour model is for our higher time frame analysis, and we want that to match up with our lower time frame analysis, because remember, a bimodal is only a bimodal until it's not. A cell model is only a cell model until it's not. That means that once we've actually accomplished that goal and we've hit that higher time frame PDA rate, we could reverse. So it doesn't mean it wasn't a bimodal, and it doesn't mean it wasn't a cell model. It just means that it's already delivered. So now let's look at the four-hour here. There's only three candles that really matter, and that is, now we're on the New York time frame here, Eastern Standard, and that's 2 a.m., 6 a.m., and 10 a.m. Those are the only three candles that we're going to focus on. So let's start over here first. So here, 2 a.m., we want 2 a.m., which is London session, we want it to set the high or the low of the day depending on if we're bullish or bearish. So here, we swept all the overnight candles from yesterday, and we set a high. Now the next candle, which is the 6 a.m. candle, we want it to be an expansion candle. We want it to move away and close above or below depending on if we're bullish or bearish. Here we closed all the way down below it. So we've swept at 2 a.m., and we've closed at 6 a.m. That means at 10 a.m., I'm going to look for my entry. That's kind of the golden hour. So what I want is I want to take the consequence encroachment midpoint of the 6 a.m. candle, and I want price to open and stay below this to let me know that it really wants to push down. But we want primarily our lower time frame analysis to match up with this and continue down. So that's exactly what 10 a.m. did. It opened here. It kind of came up a little bit. And then on the lower time frame, it actually hit our key zones. And as far as the double break and the manipulation move all matched up to kind of push us down here. We'll go over the lower time frame on this next example, but again, I just wanted to show you guys when you're looking at this on the 4-hour, this is all you really want to see. So 2 a.m. has to do one of two things. It has to either sweep liquidity or it has to tap a 4-hour fair value gap because obviously that'll push it down as well. And once it's done one, it has to do the other. So if it's tapped a 4-hour fair value gap, then it wants to go and take liquidity. Remember, internal to external. And if it's taken liquidity, then it wants to go fill in inefficiency. That's all the market is doing. It's either taking liquidity or it's filling in inefficiencies. And it's doing this in that pattern. So here we took out these highs, the overnight highs, but we didn't tap a 4-hour fair value gap. So what did it do next? It created a 4-hour fair value gap down here. And that could have been our area of interest as well, where we could have used that as a target. And or if you're holding this longer term, aimed for those lows to take out that liquidity. Now let's jump into the last days model. Here we have 2 a.m. but it's mid-range. It didn't sweep liquidity and it barely tapped this 4-hour fair value gap below it. So anytime it's mid-range, then our focus goes to the next candle, 6 a.m. 6 a.m. can then either sweep liquidity or tap a 4-hour fair value gap. So since we didn't do either here, we didn't take the overnight liquidity. And again, we barely tapped this 4-hour fair value gap. 6 a.m. became our main focus and 6 a.m. ran right into this 4-hour fair value gap. But now 6 a.m. could have set low, but we have to wait. We have to see an expansion candle. That's the next thing. That's when, just like on the lower time frame, we always say a double break is the dealer revealing their hand. So on the higher time frame, that swing low or swing high that we set, and then we get the expansion candle, that's the dealer revealing their hand, that the market wants to push away from this area. Not always, but again, this is how we create that higher time frame bias. So we hit this 4-hour fair value gap, and then the next candle, since our entry, we want it to be around 10 o'clock, we can't really wait for this candle to expand. What we can do is take the consequence encroachment, the midpoint of the 6 a.m. candle, which we did right here with the red line, and we can see where price is sitting in accordance to our lower time frame analysis, which we'll jump down to next. And since this is a 4-hour fair value gap, the next inevitable move would be to sweep the highs of the overnight range. So now let's drop down to a lower time frame, 5m. Let's see how our blue strategy, sorry, blue zone strategy fared. So blue zone strategy, we had a cell model, and then our manipulation range is right there, that's the low of it, right into that 4-hour fair value gap, and the high of our manipulation range is right there. So we broke up first, but then we had a double break. Remember when it comes to double break, you want that double break candle to be the same color as the first candle that broke the range. That's what lets you know that it's swept the lows and then the highs, so that's a true double break. But if you have a candle that's the opposite color, so here we have a single candle negative double break because it's red, that means it swept the highs first, then the lows, that means that could just be the next candle in that leg that's going to go down. So we could have technically, if a 5m fair value gap had been created here, we could have taken that and looked to go short. So a true double break has to be the same color as the initial candle that broke the range. So here's the green candle, broke the range, this one didn't have a pullback, this pulled all the way back but did not leave a 5m fair value gap. And then this candle was the one that broke the high, it's green, there's our double break. So what happens after a double break? We wait for the market to retrace back into one of our key zones and then we look for a 5m fair value gap to be created. And that's exactly what happened, market pulled back into the purple zone, swept out these lows, created our first 5m fair value gap here, then it came back and tapped, and then on a smaller timeframe, on a 1m, we would have seen a 1m fair value gap be created and tapped as well and then you could have taken that long all the way to that high, that we, the overnight high, that red line. But remember, right around the time we took this trade, we were already well above the consequence encroachment. Remember that red line that we painted out from the 6am candle? So we stayed above that and market kept wicking but stayed above it. That was another kind of indication that the market was going to then push up. And you could have taken partials at the blue zone at the top of the London session right here once you crossed or you could have let it ride but this is definitely more than a 1-3 risk to reward. And it's simple as that. So we mark up the 4 hour so we understand exactly where the market's going. We only focus on the 2am, the 6am and the 10am. One of those candles, one of those first two candles, either the 2am or 6am has to first sweep liquidity or tap a higher time frame PD array like a 4 hour fair value gap and then the next candle has to be an expansion candle away from it in the direction of your bias. And as mentioned before, if 2am doesn't get the job done or it does and it wicks but then the next candle, 6am comes and actually wicks even the 2am, that still counts. That means there's still a wick and there's still an expansion but we want to see that 6am candle close as an expansion candle. News drivers in the 4 hour model. This is how news affects the range. News releases often act as catalysts within the 4 hour structure. Understanding how price behaves before and after key drivers helps confirm or invalidate expected moves. If a reversal is formed before a news driver, expect continuation with the driver. If no reversal forms before the driver, expect driver induced reversal. If the driver fails to reverse price, the idea is invalid. Reassess your bias. If 8.30am or pre-driver takes liquidity, then 9.30am to 10am becomes the expansion window. If 9.30am manipulates, then 10 expands. News doesn't change the model. Remember that. It accelerates it. It's the setups that align with the 4 hour structure and daily bias, even during volatility.