So, guys, now this is what separates us from the pack. This is what, again, has taken us 20 years to back test and figure out. Now, a lot of people just use time lagging indicators, right? It's showing you everything that's already happened in the market, and you're supposed to use that to figure out your future move. But we've actually created a market translator that translates the algorithm that controls the market. There's a lot of people out there that are not willing to admit that there actually is a algorithm controlling the market. They think it's all buying and selling pressure. But if it was, China and Russia could come in and crash the US economy anytime they wanted to. But they can't. It's a closed loop system, and it's governed by this algorithm. So again, what we've created pretty much observes the market. It decodes it. It translates the hidden algorithmic structure that drives price. Fractal effects leverages predictive fractal geometry and price behavior, allowing traders to anticipate reversals and breakouts before they form, not after the fact like most of these systems when I don't even need it at that point. So this is the market translator. This is not a time lagging indicator. This is forward thinking and painting out real zones in real time. It's doing a ridiculous amount of computation on the backend. So we have our four sessions. There's Asia and yellow, London and blue. New York doesn't have a box, but it has green color coded signals. And it goes from New York open, which is 930 Eastern standard, all the way to about 1130 Eastern standard. And then we have the New York PM session here in purple. And again, each session has its own color coded signals. You're only going to get one of two signals. You're either going to get an M for manipulation, meaning the market wants to go in the opposite direction, or you're going to get a DB, which is a continuation signal, meaning the market actually does want to continue up after a retracement. Now all of this is covered in the strategy here. We're just going over the components of the market translator. So the blue and purple zones, again, there's a separate video for that as well, but these are highly algorithmic zones that the market is drawn to and pushes from. And then we use those for our take profit and or we match that up with our signals to see if we're going to get rejection from there to potentially go long or short. The DSD high and the DSD low. Now these are zones that were worked out by a chaotician. On average, every single market extends a specific percentage in either direction. Over the last 20 years, our aggregate has showed us for each asset what that extension is and there's a mathematical equation on the back end that forms the DSD high and the DSD low. And again, we use these zones to take our profit and we pair them up with our signals. So if we get a hit right into one of our signals and we get, sorry, into the zone and we get a signal, we'll use that together to see if we have a setup. So if I hit the DSD low and I get a signal that tells me that the market wants to go up, I can take that setup to go long and vice versa. We also have the new day opening gap right here and the new week opening gap that's painted out by the market translator as well. So again, the end dog new day opening gap is the gap that's left from previous days close to current days open. And the new week opening gap and log is the close of previous week and the open of current week. So again, highly algorithmic zones that the market retraces to on a daily basis or a weekly basis. And it's all covered in the strategy, but here again, we just want to go over the individual components of the indicator itself. Manipulation move or M. Now this is a fake out move. Every session be it New York, Asia or London starts with the manipulation move where the market pushes in one direction to take out liquidity and to manipulate you into thinking that that's the way it wants to go. And then immediately it reverses and goes in the opposite direction, trapping your trade and potentially taking out your stop loss with a stop hunt. The market translator outlines this fake manipulative move with a big M. When you see this M, it means that the market actually wants to go in the opposite direction of this signal. Once we have this signal, then we begin to look for an entry which is covered a little later in a live video. The sequence of events for entering after you get a M signal. We get an M signal first. Number two, we wait for a fair value gap to be created on the five minute. We wait for the market to tap this zone and create another fair value gap on a one minute. And then one more time we repeat the process and wait for a 30 second fair value gap to be created and then tapped. Again, we cover this in the next video live, but that's the sequence of events. We hit a fair value gap on one time frame and then immediately drop down to one time frame under that to see if it creates another fair value gap, tap it and then drop to the next time frame. So we're pretty much just repeating the same process three times before we enter. It's a little daunting, but again, when you see it all put together, it's actually very easy. So every session, be it New York, Asia or London, starts with a manipulation move where they try to trap your trade and then go in the opposite direction. That's why we wait for the M signal. So here we're looking at the five minute time frame. We get a M signal. So this is a bullish signal. Anytime you get an M to the downside, the market actually wants to go in the opposite direction, which is up. So we wait for a five minute fair value gap to be created right here. Remember what a fair value gap is, it's just a hole in the market between candle one and candle three. Make sure you watch that video and understand what a fair value gap is. So also remember the markets are fractal. So what's happening on a five minute time frame is also happening on a one minute time frame. It's just setting up slower, but it's the same pattern that's repeating. So now here we are on the one minute time frame. We're waiting for a candle to come back into this fair value gap. Here on the one minute, we see that it does. It comes all the way back and taps that same five minute fair value gap. It's the same one over here, just zoomed in. We tapped it and then we got expansion. So this candle pretty much engulfed this candle. So this candle is pretty much in the body of this candle. So this is showing upward movement. Now we got a one minute fair value gap right here. So we're waiting for the market to come back and tap it one more time. Now you get a 30 second fair value gap off of this, which we're going to see on the next slide. But we're just waiting for the same pattern to repeat itself. First on the five minute, five minute fair value gap, come back and tap it. Here it is tapped. One minute fair value gap, market comes back and tap it. And then again, on the next one, we're going to wait for a 30 second fair value gap to be created and the market to come back and tap it. And that's where we will look for our entry. All right guys, this is just a continuation of last slide. So this is the same one minute fair value gap from the last slide. We hit it and then on the lower timeframe, we created a 30 second fair value gap. So get familiar with the whole hit a fair value gap and then create another fair value gap on a smaller timeframe. We're just doing it three times. We're repeating that process. First on the five minute, then on the one minute timeframe, then on the 30 second timeframe. Now this is where we're going to enter. So make sure you're listening. Thirty second fair value gap has been created. Market comes back and taps it. Now we look for the next candle that is going to close over the candle or the series of candles that started that push down into the 30 second fair value gap. So here there's one candle, two candle, but it could be multiple candles. It could be three or four candles that brought you back to the 30 second fair value gap. Now we're just looking for the next candle that closes over the body of that candle. So right here, you see this line? It's just the candle body we have to close over and we do it right here. So this would be your entry. This would be your stop loss either right under here, the candle that hit the 30 second fair value gap. If you want a safer fair, sorry, a safer stop loss, you can actually put it under this candle because this is candle one of this three candle pattern that created this 30 second fair value gap. Remember it's a three second or sorry, a three candle pattern, candle one, candle two, candle three, where candle one's wick is not touching candle three's wick. So that's what created this 30 second fair value gap. So you can put your stop loss here or a safer stop loss would be here. That would be your entry right here and you would go for a one to three risk to reward. You can use a position size calculator from Tradingview. And again, we're going to show you what this looks like live. This is just a demonstration here. So that would be your entry. That would be your stop loss either down here or down here. And then you would use the position size calculator to show you what one to three risk to reward would be. And we'll show you that on the next slide. All right, guys, here's a live example. We just got a manipulation move to the downside. So the market actually wants to go in the opposite direction. So we outlined the first fair value gap created, which is right here. Zoom in to make sure you get it painted right. There it is. Also keep in mind, you can actually just use the spotlight indicator because it actually paints out where all the fair value gaps are. That's right here. Green for bullish, red for bearish. Shows you where all those holes in the market are where those candle wicks are not touching each other. But you want to get familiar with what a fair value gap looks like even without that indicator. Should be obvious. So there's your fair value gap. Market came back and tapped it. Now what's the next step? So this is the five minute time frame, right? Look up here. These are the time frames. Now we're going to drop down to the one minute time frame. Let's just zoom in so we can go back there exactly. So here is that same zone that we painted out. But on the one minute. See, the market came back and hit it. Now I'm looking for the next one minute fair value gap to be created. Let's see where that is. Now the spotlight indicator is on. So it's showing us where all those fair value gaps are. So there's none here. You can see where's the first one. It's right here. So the market came back, tapped it. What's the next step and the last final step? 30 seconds. Now I'm going to look. I'm going to change this color actually, just so we know the difference. So that's the one minute fair value gap inside the five minute fair value gap. Now we're going to do the same thing on the 30 second. Jump down. Just to help us go back. Wait for it to load. Here we are on the 30 second time frame now. So we've already done the five minute tap, one minute tap. Now I'm waiting to create a 30 second fair value gap and the last fair value gap that we need. Zoom in. This is where the market tapped and that is our 30 second fair value gap. Let's make that a different color as well. Make that orange. So now here's where it actually tapped. So you see the series of candles that started that drop into the 30 second right here. We want to close over all of them. So just candle bodies. You don't have to include the wicks. So right here. That's where we started that drop into the 30 second. Now I need to come all the way back up and close over that. And as soon as you have a closure, now you can take this next candle or if you have a fair value gap that was left, there are chances that this one will also be hit before the market actually wants to go fully up. Not always, but just a good rule of thumb. So if you can create a fair value gap on this big move up to close over the series of candles, this one could get tapped. But as you can see here, as soon as we closed, the market actually just started pushing. And we could have easily got a one to three risk to reward right from that move. But this is where we would have entered. At that green line, once we had closure and then we would have tested the next candle, I just want to make sure this next candle doesn't break back into the range. We want to see that it actually respects this line in this zone and closes above. You could have entered on this candle or this candle, either or, and could have still squeezed out your one to three risk to reward from here. Manipulation move bearish model guys. Here it is five minutes. So we had a M signal to the upside right here. So what do we wait for? We wait for the first five minute fair value gap to be created. Bearish fair value gap and it's right here. We wait for the market to come back and tap it. Here we are in the lower timeframe, one minute. Market came back and tapped it. This fair value gap is this fair value gap. Now we hit it and immediately we got expansion met with expansion. So meaning one candle went up, one candle came back down. And pretty much covered this candle. Now we look for a one minute fair value gap to be created right there. Wait for the market to come back into it. And then the final step, 30 second fair value gap that we're going to create off of this. And we'll cover that in the next slide. Now again, this is just a continuation from previous slide. That was the same one minute fair value gap from the previous slide. We hit it and then on the lower timeframe we create a 30 second fair value gap right here. And then we wait for the market to come back, tap it. And then again, just like the bullish model, we wait for a closure over the candle or series of candles that began that push into the 30 second fair value gap. And as soon as we close over that candle body, right? It doesn't have to be the wick. It's just the candle body, body to body. This would be your entry. Now one thing I do want to point out, when you do hit this 30 second fair value gap, we want to see a nice V shape closure. Shouldn't take more than three to four candles to close like this. This is three candles, could be four candles, but we want to see a nice V shape close. That actually shows that we are getting proper rejection and the market wants to move. If it starts consolidating and you get five, six, seven candles in here, you could be getting a power of three. Make sure you watch that video. So again, too much consolidation and we could get another push up for a sweep and then a push down. So when you get too much consolidation, what you want to do is wait for the market to close over the series of candles and then give it one more candle to see if we get pulled back into the range or if we tap this line and actually close under it as well. And then you can take your entry there with your stop loss again here at the top of the candle that hit the 30 second fair value gap, just a couple of ticks above it, or an even safer stop loss would actually be here. Candle one of the three candle pattern that created the 30 second fair value gap. Number candle one, candle two, candle three, where candle one's wick is not touching candle three's wick. So you could put a stop loss here as well. This would be a more safer stop loss as long as your risk to reward makes sense. You don't want this zone to be so big that your stop loss and your take profit don't make any sense. They don't give you a one to three risk to reward. And then you would use a position size calculator from trading view. This would be your entry, your stop loss, either one of these, and then your take profit. You'd be going for a one to three. And again, we'll show you what that looks like live on the charts. We just wanted to show you this model first. Now here's a bearish model. We got manipulation moved to the upside during New York. That meant the market wanted to go in the opposite direction. We also bounced off of a blue zone and the DSD low. Remember, these are highly algorithmic zones that the market is either drawn to or pushes from. So we had a bit of a perfect storm here where we have a manipulation move to the upside and it's bouncing off of one of our key zones. So what do we do when we get a manipulation move? We look for the first fair value gap to be created on the five minute market came back, tapped it, then we would have looked for an entry on the one minute. Just have to zoom back here. Give it a second to load. Taking a second here. A lot of computation happening on the back end. There it is. So actually over here. So that was the five minute fair value gap that Aqua One came back and we tapped it. We created a one minute fair value gap right here which we came back and tapped and just to save some time on the slow loading of these charts. As soon as we tap the one minute, we created a 30 second right here. So instead of jumping down, I'll just show you where it was. So that was the first 30 second fair value gap on the 30 second time frame. Market came back and tapped it and we would have looked for our entry off of this candle. Here we had a closure over the series of candles here. Let me see if we can drop down without it freezing. We're slowing down the charts here. So just bear with me here guys. So all the way over here. When you drop down to a 30 second time frame, obviously each one of these candles is 30 seconds long. You don't have to actually find the location you're looking at on the charts. So remember that was our 30 second fair value gap that was created. We tapped it and we closed in a nice V shape over the series of candles. Luckily it was just two candles that pushed into this fair value gap. Closed over it right here. Now since we went much deeper and we actually went back to the one minute, I would have actually waited for another candle to close outside the range. So this one closed right here. Next one moved us back into the range. This one still kept us in the range and then this one is the one that closed outside the range. Here you can see it. So that's where I would have taken my entry from one to three. Now where's your stop loss? Your stop loss is going to be that move into the 30 second. So however deep you hit the 30 second fair value gap, that's where your stop loss is going to be. So right here. So we use a preliminary stop loss and a definitive stop loss. So remember the market likes to do liquidity sweeps or stop hunts where it comes back to where your position was just to take your position out. So we set this as our preliminary stop loss, meaning we haven't actually set a physical stop loss yet, but we just mark it off so we know where the market's going to come back to. And in case it sweeps it here, we're still actually in the trade itself. And if it comes back in and closes, then that new wick, for example here, let's say this wicked us. By this time the move was already over, but let's say it came back and wicked our position and closed back in the range because it likes to do that because it knows exactly where your stop loss is. That becomes my new stop loss. So this was my preliminary. This is my definitive. If the market comes past this point again like it does here, wick or not, I'm done. I'm out of the trade. So remember, preliminary stop loss is pretty much the move into the 32nd, the series of candles that brought us back to the 32nd and then closed outside. However deep we went, that high or that peak becomes my preliminary stop loss to see if the market's going to come back here and touch it like here. And if it does, that's my definitive stop loss. So if it comes back and touches it again, I'm out, even if it wicks it. But luckily here it didn't. And as soon as we closed, market continued to drop and we got our 1 to 3 R right here, risk to reward ratio. You can find this tool. This is the short position calculator. You can find all the short and long position calculators right here. Now we would have obviously rolled our stops once we got to 2 R. So 2 R was right around, oh wait, sorry, this got moved. So 2 R was roughly around here, right? 2.02. So as soon as the market hit 2 R, I would have closed off 50% of my position and then rolled my stop loss to break even. Now I'm in a safe trade. So if the market comes back like it did here and wicks me, I've already made money and I broke even on the remaining portion that I left open. But we had already hit 3 R before it even turned back around. So that's what you do with a manipulation move to the upside. That was your entry for a bearish model. The double break, otherwise known as the DB. The double break is a continuation signal that lets you know that the market wants to continue in the direction of the DB signal. Imagine it like the dealer revealing their hands to us. Now we can look for a setup in the direction of the double break signal or not at all. Either we trade in that direction or we don't trade that asset. Sequence of events and entry process. First you'll get a DB double break signal which gives us a strong continuation bias. Now we know which direction the market wants to go. 2, retracement. Remember there's a 70 to 80% chance that we're going to retrace back into the range after we get a DB signal. And again, imagine a slingshot being pulled back and then let go. So when it pulls back, that's when we look for our entry. So again, after a DB price will pull back into our range. entry. After retracing, we wait for a 5 minute fair value gap to be created and tapped. Remember, exactly what a fair value gap is that's covered in our first videos. After it's tapped, then we wait for a 1 minute fair value gap to be created and tapped. And then finally a 30 second fair value gap to be created and tapped. Remember the markets are fractal. So we're going to repeat the same process on 3 different time frames. We just keep dropping down every time we hit it. So we're getting the most accurate entry with the least amount of drawdown. Now we're going to show you what that looks like on the charts. So here we are looking at the double break signal, 5 minute bullish signal, 5 minute bearish signal. Let's look at the bullish first. So we had a manipulation move to the upside. We had our first bearish fair value gap that was created. And instead of respecting it and giving us our 1 minute fair value gap off of here, market actually just pushed right through and gave us a DB signal. Now this is a continuation signal. This means the market wants to continue in the direction of this DB signal after it does a retracement. So remember the markets are a lot like a slingshot. It likes to pull back and then shoot out. So that's where we would catch it. So as soon as we get a double break, there's a 70% chance that we're going to get a retracement, a pullback into our range. And that's where we're going to look for the setup. And we'll see that on the next slide. Now here's a 5 minute bearish signal. We had a manipulation move to the downside. Market moved up, gave us our 5 minute bullish fair value gap. But instead of respecting it and giving us a 1 minute fair value gap off of it, it punched right through and gave us a double break signal. This is a continuation signal. Again, the market wants to move down after it does a retracement back into the zone. And this is where we would look for our entry when it does its retracement. Now after getting the double break signal, remember we get a retracement. So this is still the 5 minute time frame. This was our double break candle. As soon as we got that, there's a 70% chance that we're going to retrace back into the zone and hit one of our key zones. That could be a blue zone. That could be even an NYC fair value gap from the spotlight strategy. It could be any one of those purple zones that you see. It's going to come back to one of them. Then it's going to set up and give us that 5 minute fair value gap. So there's the 5 minute fair value gap. We wait for the market to come back and touch it. Then we drop down to the 1 minute time frame. And again, the rest of this process is going to look exactly the same as the manipulation move. So we come back and we tap that 5 minute fair value gap, push up, create a 1 minute fair value gap, come back and tap it, and then we will create a 30 second fair value gap, which we will then come back and tap close over the series of candles, which we'll see on the next slide. But there's only one extra step. So when you get a double break, wait for a retracement, which is the slingshot being pulled back. And then as it shoots up, there's the 5 minute fair value gap that's created. Come back and tap it. This is the same fair value gap over here, just zoomed in. We hit it on the 1 minute time frame, create a fair value gap. Remember, hit a fair value gap and then create a fair value gap on a lower time frame. Same thing, it's going to hit here. We're going to create a 30 second, which we'll see on the next slide. And then we will look for an entry off of that. So here we are, continuation from the previous slide. That's the same 1 minute fair value gap. We hit it, expansion, met with expansion, one candle down, one candle up. Now in the lower time frame, we create a 30 second fair value gap. And we come back and tap it. And then we look for a closure over the series of candles that started that push down into the 30 second. And we want that to be in a clean V shape, no consolidation. And that would be your entry. Here's your stop loss. And nothing changes, very similar to the manipulation move. And we'll show you what that looks like live on the charts next. Here we are, London session. We had a manipulation move to the upside. But before we could get our fair value gap, the market came back up and gave us a double break. This is a continuation. What do we do? We wait for a retracement down back into the zone, just like a slingshot. Remember it's being pulled back. And then we wait for a fair value gap to be created. There's your first bullish fair value gap, first five minute bullish fair value gap. You can see there's no other fair value gaps in here. The candles are back to back, wick to wick. So this is the first one. Market came back, tapped it, went in deep, but closed within this range. As long as it closes here, you can still count this leg. This is all one leg, one consecutive leg. Market wicked down here, but it didn't close down here. So that's still a valid five minute fair value gap. Market came back, created a, or sorry, tapped it here and created a one minute fair value gap. So we're going to drop down to the next timeframe. Just so you can see better. Just give the indicator a second here to load. So as soon as we hit this, market just went back and forth. That was the first fair value gap that it created. Right? Right here. So now it did create one right here, a sliver of a fair value gap right in there. Here and here. Remember even the tiniest fair value gaps technically count, but the reason we didn't use that obviously is because the market ripped right through and just kept dropping. So it didn't even fool us. Kept dropping. That was the first one minute fair value gap to be created. Right? Candle one, candle three, their wicks are not touching. Wait for the market to come back and tap it and then we look for a 30 second fair value gap off of that. So we drop down to the 30 second. There's your five minute. There's your one minute. As soon as we hit it, there was your 30 second. Now excuse all these random colors that are popping up right now. Just try to stick with me here. There's your 30 second fair value gap. You could even turn the market translator off here just so you could see it. There's your 30 second fair value gap. Market came back, tapped it, respected it, closed above the series of candles that started that push down. It was right here. Right? We started the push down here. Came back, closed, right there. This is where we would have taken it. We could have easily squeezed out a one to three risk to reward right here. 3.09. And we would have rolled our stops. As soon as we got to 2R, we would have closed off 50% of our position and rolled our stops to break even. Now remember where our stop was. Let's go move that up. Our stop was here. This is the candle that hit the 30 second fair value gap. So we're hoping that it doesn't come back down here. This is our preliminary stop. So if the market comes and wicks here, we're still in the trade. But whatever wicks here then becomes our definitive stop loss. So if another candle had come and wicked right here, I would have officially set my stop loss there. If the market came back a third time, it would have taken me out of the trade. But luckily it didn't and it pushed up. When we had our one to three risk to reward, rolling our stops after 2. Now let's take a look at the double break bearish model. So we got our manipulation move here. And then the market moved up. And then it came back down and gave us a double break before respecting any fair value gaps. So what happens after a double break? We get a retracement back into one of our key zones. Now here's another way to tell that your retracement is gone in deep enough and it's actually a good retracement is you end up getting a fair value gap created right here. So you see one here. So you get a fair value gap in the leg that pushed back into the zone and then you push back out of it. So you're almost disrespecting that fair value gap. You create one and then you disrespect it showing that the market actually does want to push down. So double break, retracement back to one of our key zones here. We're just using the New York fair value gap again, which is from the spotlight indicator. But you can use any blue zone, purple zone, DSD high, DSD low. They're just highly algorithmic zones that the market is drawn to and pushes from. And then the market began to push. There was our first 5-minute fair value gap. Market came back and tapped it. And then here we are on the lower time frame, 1-minute time frame. That's the same fair value gap right here. Market came back. Tapped it. Expansion met with expansion. And then we created a 1-minute fair value gap, which again the market came back and tapped and then we would have looked for a 30-second fair value gap off of this, which we'll see in the next slide. So this is the continuation from previous slide. There's your 1-minute fair value gap that was tapped. Market created a 30-second fair value gap. So as soon as we hit this, we drop down to the 30-second time frame. Market created the first presented fair value gap. So this is the first 30-second fair value gap that was created. Remember, we're always aiming for the first fair value gaps that are created. Those are the highest probability. And there's a 70% chance that the market will retrace back to them. So especially if you're looking for a proper stop loss, obviously the shorter the stop loss is from your entry, the better. And that's where you're going to get it at the first presented fair value gaps. See, this was the first fair value gap created. This is the first one created. We aim for this. So the market came back into it, tapped it, and then moved out. And just like the manipulation move, we look for a closure over the series of candles, the candle and or the series of candles that began that push into the 30-second fair value gap and push out. And remember, we're looking for a clean V-shape to close. If you get too much consolidation, then you can get another power of three where the market goes back up and blows out your stop loss or does a stop hunt. That's why we always say this could be a potentially a safer stop loss up here. If you get a too much consolidation after hitting this fair value gap, then it could do a power of three. Remember what that is, consolidation, manipulation, and then distribution. So since it's a fractal model, power of three is happening across all time frames at all times. So anyways, in this specific model, we came in, came back out, we closed right over that series of candles, and that's where we would have taken our entry. And once again, remember, depending on how deep it goes and how many candles are left, if it leaves any fair value gaps after touching this 30-second and then making its way up to close over that series of candles, there's a good chance it could come back and tap one of those fair value gaps. So that's why we always give it maybe one more candle to see, are we going to close back into the range and tap that fair value gap, or are we going to close outside the range just to be safe? And then that's where you would set your entry for your position size calculator. There's your entry stop loss either here or here. Remember candle one of this three candle pattern, and then a one to three risk to reward. And again, we'll show you what that looks like live on the charts next. So now we're going to cover a double break to the downside. So this is a unique model right here. I want to cover a couple of different concepts here. So first we had our manipulation move to the downside, meaning the market wanted to go in the opposite direction. So there was the fair value gap that it created, but unfortunately it took off without us, which can happen. Remember, we don't chase the market, we wait for the market to come back to us. It took off without us, hit this purple zone. So we were hoping that we could get a setup here into the purple zone for a one to three. We hit the purple zone, came back down, and then a one minute setup never happened here. It just consolidated back and forth. And then we dropped again, a little lower than that. And again, no real setups actually took place in here. Then eventually we got a double break to the downside. So obviously we get rid of any setups to go long. The other thing to point out is this move happened super late. So if we're not in a high probability trade setup two hours after that session begins. So for example, New York's session starts at 9.30 Eastern Standard Time. So if we're not in a high probability trade setup by 11.30 Eastern Standard Time, then we forfeit that session and wait for the next session. But I'm just going to give you an example here. So even though this one set up way, way after the session, we did get a double break. And I want to show you how these sessions play off of each other. So the market went up. This was the first five minute fair value gap that it created. So there was your retracement. Remember what are the elements we look for in a good retracement back into our zone after a double break? Well first we create a fair value gap on the retracement back into the range. So there was one right there. And then secondly, we hit one of our key zones. We hit the purple zone here. So then it gave us this five minute fair value gap, which it came back and tapped. And then on the one minute, there's the one minute fair value gap came back and tapped it. And then it dropped from there. And then we didn't get a 30 second fair value gap in here. I'll show you what that looks like. So as you can see, there was no 30 second fair value gap in here. Very very close candles, all wicks touching. And then finally it dropped. Here was a string of 30 second fair value gaps, which again, the market did not tap this one or this one. It dropped and then came back up and ran right through all of them, taking out these highs so then we would have looked for another 30 second fair value gap off of this. Here it is. Market tapped it, closed under the series of candles that started this push in and then inevitably dropped from here. Now one thing I want to point out, obviously this is an exaggerated setup because one, it went way beyond the two hour window of opportunity that we have. But secondly, look at where it set up. It set up all the way inside the London session. Remember this was the Asia session. Asia session is where we got the double break. But the setup happened all the way in London session where we already on the lower time frame, on the one minute, had a double break. So this was almost a precursor. As you can see, they're both technically doing the same thing. We had a double break to the downside on the lower time frame on London and we already had a setup that was leaking and leading in all the way from Asia to meet this London obligation. So again, very exaggerated model and it extended way beyond the window of opportunity. But just to show you how even if it takes a long time, the setups do still happen because the algorithm is still doing the same thing. And the next session can play off of the previous session, especially if a move hasn't fully completed. But you would never take this just because again, the window of opportunity had already closed. But I just wanted to give you one of these examples here. But still double break, retracement, and then five minute fair value gap, one minute fair value gap, 30 second fair value gap. So finally, I want to go over the fractal strategy. So the market translator is fractal in nature. So what does that mean? That means the same setups that are happening on a lower time frame are happening on a higher time frame. So there is a high probability that the same pattern that sets up on the one minute time frame will most likely repeat on the five minute time frame. So you can actually catch the earlier setup first before it even repeats on the five minute. Now, again, we'll show you what that looks like in the next couple of slides. But let's go over the individual setups. So if you get a M signal, what you're waiting for is a one minute fair value gap to be created in the opposite direction of the signal. Wait for the market to tap this gap and create another fair value gap on the 30 second time frame. Then closure over series of candles that tap the 30 second fair value gap. So as you can see, nothing's overtly different. All we did was cut out the five minute fair value gap setup. So the same strategy actually sets up on the lower time frame on the one minute. We just got rid of the five minute. So whereas in the last setup, you saw five minute fair value gap created, tapped one minute fair value gap created, 30 second fair value gap created. Here we cut away that higher time frame. It's just the one minute fair value gap created and tapped, 30 second created and tapped, and then closure over the series of candles. And again, it might sound a little confusing, but just stick with us. It's actually very easy. We're going to show you what it looks like on the charts. Now let's look at the double break. So as soon as you get a double break signal on the one minute, we're going to wait for the exact same setup, a retracement or pullback into our range. And then after the retracing is over, wait for a one minute fair value gap to be created and tapped, and then a 30 second gap to be created and tapped, and finally a closure over the series of candles that tap the 30 second fair value gap. So again, let's take a look at what that actually looks like broken down. So once again, just the fractal nature of this strategy. You can actually take the setup on the one minute. So if we get on the one minute time frame, we get a manipulation move, then you can look for the first fair value gap to be created, tapped, 30 second fair value gap to be created, tapped and a drop. So it's the exact same setup. You're just leaving out obviously the five minute higher time frame confirmation. So in this particular example though, we had a M and then a double break on the one minute. Same thing. What do we do after a double break? We wait for a retracement back to a zone and we get a one minute fair value gap, come back and tap it. This is the same one minute fair value gap over here, just zoomed in. We tapped it, immediate rebalance, 30 second fair value gap, tap and then we close over the series of candles right here and that would be your entry. Same thing. Stop loss would either be down here or down here for a safer stop loss, one to three. Same setup. Now here's the one thing to remember that we're going to cover live. So since the pattern is fractal and it's repeating, then we're hoping that it completes itself on the five minute and you'll see what we're talking about on the live session. So essentially we want to set up our one to three where we're actually just taking it to take out these highs right here. So we get the setup somewhere in here hopefully and our take profit should be most of the time the double break top because as soon as we cross that line, it's actually going to create a double break on the higher time frame on the five minute and then you'll start that whole process all over again because what happens after a double break regardless of what time frame it's on, we get a retracement, the same setup right here. Pull back and then a push up. So we're trying to make our move and get in and use this cross right here crossing over the double break candle as our take profit because the second we do, we've now completed the fractal on the higher time frame which will initiate the same process all over again and again you'll see that live. Now here's a bearish model, same thing. So as soon as you get a manipulation move, if you get a fair value gap that sticks and the market comes back and taps it and gives you a 30 second fair value gap and a closure over the series of candles, you can take that for a one to three. But in this particular scenario, we got a manipulation move and before we could get a respect of that fair value gap, the market cut through and gave us a double break. What happens after a double break? Retracement, one minute fair value gap created, tapped. Now here's the same one over here zoomed in. There's your one minute. Market came back tapped. Displacement met with displacement, immediate rebalance and we had a 30 second fair value gap created. Market came back and tapped it, closure over the series of candles. The exact same setup guys. Nothing changes. The only thing is we cut away one of the steps, the five minute setup. That's it. Now we're just focusing on the one minute and the 30 second and you can take that again for a one to three as long as the move in here pushes right past this point. So again, we're hoping that this is our take profit, this line right here. Because once we pass this line, then we will have completed the fractal and the higher time frame, therefore initiating the same process all over again on the five minute. Another deeper retracement and a push up. So we want to use this as our take profit. So you want to hope to get a one to three. So from here, again this is just this area zoomed in, but you hope to get a one to three risk to reward right into this line right here as we cross this line because that will trigger the double break on the five minute officially. Alright, one last thing we want to cover is the fractal nature of this strategy. So remember what fractals are. We mentioned them earlier. They're just patterns that repeat across different time frames and on different levels. So here we're looking at the London session on the one minute. So you can actually get signals on the one minute that will transcribe where the five minute might go because it's just a fractal, right? So if we get this pattern on the one minute, there's a high probability that this pattern will repeat on the five minute. So we just wait for a pullback and then a drop and we're hoping that drop completes the fractal on the higher time frame. And I'll show you what that means. So here we have a double break. What happens after a double break? We wait for a retracement and then a fair value gap. Now there's a lot of back and forth consolidating here but this was the first one minute fair value gap that actually stuck. We're looking at the strategy on the one minute here right now. So now what happens to the five minute? So since the five minutes been cut out, the strategy actually becomes faster. We're really just looking for a one minute fair value gap to be created, tapped and a 30 second fair value gap to be created and tapped and then closure of the series of candles. So everything else remains exactly the same. We just cut out one step. There's no more five minute. So as soon as you get the double break here and keep an eye on this vertical green line, that's exactly where, let me move it over one actually. So this is where our double break was. Double break, retracement, first fair value gap, Mark you came back and tapped it, 30 second fair value gap was created in here on the lower time frame. Mark you came back and tapped it and then we had a closure over a series of candles and then a drop and we could have easily got a one to three risk to reward in here. So all of that happened right here. Now check this out. When I go to the higher time frame and we go back to that session, remember this is where the vertical line was. That move happened before we even had the double break on the five minute. So you can get the same repeat. So now the fractal repeated on the higher time frame. So it's doing the same thing on the higher time frame. There's your double break. After a double break it did a proper retracement, set up in here and a drop. But guess what? For anybody who saw that double break on the one minute, they were already in and out. So that's what I mean by a fractal system. The same pattern on the lower time frame will repeat most likely on the higher time frame as long as we don't take any big liquidity or hit any big fair value gaps like the four hour or the daily. If we don't do that then the fractal will most likely repeat up to 75 to 80% chance. So we use that. So we take that entry and we ride that right into the double break on the higher fractal. That's what we're hoping. So just keep in mind you can take this strategy actually on the one minute and remove that entire step from the five minute. But keep in mind it will move a lot quicker and you'll get a lot more consolidation. The fractals get more and more sturdier the higher you go up. That's why we don't use the strategy on a 30 second for example and cut out the one minute. So you can actually see signals on the 30 second but we don't use that strategy just because the fractals start to break apart the lower you go. And then the five minute will most likely repeat where we got our double break, retracement, fair value gap entry in here and a drop. And again that's for every single session you could get just a manipulation move. It doesn't have to be a double break. You can get a manipulation move on a one minute and look for the same setup, one minute fair value gap, 30 second fair value gap, 15 seconds, sorry the closure over the series of candles and then a push. If we've gotten just a manipulation move. But that's the fractal nature of the market translator strategy. So you can catch it on the one minute or you can catch it on the five minute. Now let's take a look at the signal configurations. There are five different signal configurations that you get during any particular session. One an M. This is a simple manipulation move. It just means that the market wants to go in the opposite direction. A 2M. This is where you get an M in both directions. Now where the market retraces back to the first untouched five minute fair value gap that's left between the two of them. There's a 70% chance that the market will come back to the first untouched, that means it hasn't even been wicked yet, fair value gap that's left between those two Ms. Third is a triangle pattern. That's where you get an M in one direction and a DB in the other direction. So it creates a triangle. And again we'll show you what this looks like live on the charts next. But yeah so in this particular scenario you get an M and then a DB. Now think about that for two seconds. An M in one direction just means that the market wants to go in the opposite direction. And then a double break in the opposite direction is still the same direction if you get it. Again some of it might sound a little confusing. We're going to show you on the charts. But an M in one direction and a double break in the opposite direction is still telling you the exact same thing that market wants to continue in the direction of the double break. For a regular DB. So this is just a continuation pattern after retracement. We've already covered this. And then finally you can get a 2 DB. This is where you get a double break in both directions. Now this would avoid the trade setup. Think about this for two seconds and again we'll show you what it looks like actually on the charts. But that's when you get a double break in one direction. There's an 80% chance that the market wants to continue in the direction of the double break. But then all of a sudden as we're waiting for that retracement from the double break, if the market just continues to plummet and you get a double break in the opposite direction, now you have a conflict. Now you have a double break in both directions. They're both supposed to be 80% accurate. Which one do you stick to? Well this is where we avoid the trade completely. We either move on to another asset entirely or we wait for the next session. But we do not mess with this. This could be on the lower time frame or it could be on the higher time frame. You can get a 2 DB on the lower time frame on the one minute and then you can avoid that setup and then you can actually wait to see if you get more confluence on the higher time frame if the fractal hasn't repeated itself. And again we'll cover all this. Some of it sounds a little messy but we're going to walk you through the actual setup. Alright guys, there's five potential configurations you can get with the signals. We're going to go over all of them in this video. First is a regular manipulation signal. That just means the market wants to go in the opposite direction. You look for your entry, your five minute fair value gap, tap, one minute fair value gap, tap, 30 second closure, etc. and then you take that for a one to three risk to reward. Your second configuration is you get an M manipulation but it doesn't give you an entry because the market moves so fast that it just goes up and creates another M. Well what do you do in a scenario like that? Well there's a higher probability that this first M is going to be more accurate. So if it creates a fair value gap between here and here that has not been tapped. So as you can see these ones were tapped and then this one right here was the first one that wasn't tapped. So there's a high probability up to 70% that the market will come back and hit this. So you can do one of two things. You can look for a setup off of this. So again this is another manipulation to this side but there's a 70% chance that the market could come back here. So you could either look for a setup to go short right into here or you can wait for the market to come back here and then still look to fulfill that first setup. Now in this particular scenario it had already done its move. It had already done the tap so it just continued up but it can actually just after getting this signal come all the way back down and tap here. So the first fair value gap, remember understand what fair value gaps are and how they're formed. But the first fair value gap that has not been touched between this point and this point on the five minute time frame there's a 70% chance that the market will come back into it. So you can look for a sell setup into it and or you can wait for it to be hit and then look for a potential setup to go long if you didn't actually get an entry and you haven't hit a higher time frame, four hour or daily fair value gap up here. So that's the second configuration. Third configuration is your regular DB to the upside. Remember this is a continuation signal. We get a retracement. Look for a setup in here, five minute, one minute, 30 second to go long. Third configuration is called the triangle pattern. That's where you get an M in one direction. Now you could have got a setup in here to go short but if you missed it here comes another M and the market did not push back into that zone. 70% chance that market will come back to a fair value gap between here and here that hasn't been tapped. Let's take a look. So yeah, actually this was the first fair value gap. My apologies. So this fair value gap was tapped by this candle. So this is the first fair value gap that was created between here and here that wasn't touched so the market came back into it but obviously there was no sell setup or sorry buy setup into this zone. So what's the next thing that happens? You get a double break. That's a continuation signal, retracement, setup to go short. So remember the double break still sticks. When you get a triangle pattern it's almost more information for you because this one's telling you that the market wants to go down and now these two together are telling you that the market wants to go down. So you just look for the proper entry. So this one got tapped so that one was out of question. This was the next one that got tapped already but by the time you got the double break this one was already tapped so then you just look for a retracement, fair value gap, this one came back and tapped it and then you could have looked for an entry to go short in there right into the blue zone. So that's the triangle pattern. Pretty straightforward. Again, you're just getting more information but the double break is the direction, this is the continuation that you want. But before these two even formed you already had this manipulation so you could have easily just looked for an entry to go in the opposite direction of the manipulation. So again, this just gives you more information and kind of confirms that the market isn't done dropping yet. So it will continue to drop until you hit a higher time frame fair value gap. Now the last configuration and again it doesn't mean that you can't actually find a setup in here but you just want to be leery of this. The second we get, this is called the 2 dB, this means that you got a double break in both the directions. So what do you do in a scenario like that? Obviously they didn't happen together so let's see the sequence of events. First one we got was a manipulation. Before we could get a short setup we got a continuation, market dropped, gave us a triangle. This is just giving more information. This is telling us that the market wants to go up. This is telling us that the market wants to continue up so they're kind of working together. So what's happened? Sorry, what happens next? Have an affair value gap. I'm sure you can get a setup in here and again it does go long. So there was a setup in here to go long but then all of a sudden the market drops and gives you a dB here. So this is called the 2 dB when you get a double break in both the directions. We void the trade setup. So once you get this, that's it. I'm done looking at this particular session or this particular asset. I'll take a look at the next session or I'll find a different asset. Simple as that. Now again in this one the move had already happened but let's say the dB was right here. Right? Because then you're a little confused. I got a dB here and I got a dB here. When you're confused you're supposed to walk away. That's the perfect analogy right there. The second you get confused and you don't understand what's happening then that means that they're trying to manipulate you. They're trying to play both sides. Just ignore it. Wait for the next setup, the next session and or take a look at a different asset that didn't give you a 2 dB. And that's pretty much it. Those are the five configurations that you can possibly get with these signals. Now let's bring divergence back into it. We discussed it earlier but now we're going to incorporate it. Divergence, remember occurs when two highly correlated assets fail to make highs or lows in sync. This breakdown in correlation is interpreted as a clue that smart money, institutional investors may be manipulating price in one asset while the other reveals the true direction. So how does divergence work in the market translator? Well first when one asset gives you a manipulation, M signal while the other does not. Secondly when one asset has a double break, dB signal and the other does not. When one asset makes a higher high while the other does not, this is a bearish divergence. When one asset makes a lower low while the other does not, this is a bullish divergence. Note regardless of whichever asset crosses your take profit threshold first, close your position on the asset you're trading because this could be considered a delivery for both assets. So now let's talk about divergence. Remember divergence refers to two assets that are supposed to be in sync. So we're looking at US 100 otherwise known as NAS, US 500 otherwise known as the S&P. These two are almost like twins. They're supposed to be moving in the same direction and making the same moves roughly. So if one fails to make that move, it kind of gives us a hint at what the other one might be doing. Which one might be stronger, which one might be weaker. So for example here during the London session, we had a manipulation move on NAS which then turned into a double break, a retracement and then eventually a push up. Now let's take a look at S&P. Take a look at my cursor. They're pointing at the same areas. Roughly that's the same time. So we had a manipulation move. We had a double break. We had a much deeper retracement right here where we took out Asia lows right there. Right? That yellow line. We took it out, swept out that liquidity. But look at where my cursor is on the left. It only swept, NAS only swept London lows. It couldn't get all the way down here for Asia lows. So what's that tell us? That tells us NAS might be too strong to go any further than this. Which is another good sign that they both want to go up. So that kind of reconstitutes that the double break is most likely going to stick and the fact that NAS might be the best one to take up because it's stronger than US 500 which had to drop all the way down here to hit that low. So we just look for the setup here. That's how we use divergence and kind of process of elimination to see which one would be the better setup. So retracement, there was a fair value gap here. Now this all happened before that move already did. Right? Before the drop. So we could have possibly got a setup right here. But let's just say for whatever reason we didn't get that setup. Now the double break's already been taken. Market came back, gesticulated, consolidated here. And then when this sweep happened on US 500 but not on NAS, then there was a potential chance that the market wanted to go back up again. And it did so off this fair value gap, came back, hit the blue zone, and then pushed up eventually. Now we use this along with all of the other stuff. Remember divergence alone isn't going to tell you anything. But you want to pair that with the signals. You want to pair that with the spotlight strategy. You want to pair that with our zones. Is it hitting the zones? Is it rejecting them? So all of this is telling you a story. And as much information as you can gather to tell that story, the better. So there was a lot of information telling us that the market wanted to continue up further past this. And it eventually did, pulling both of them with it. So that's how you use divergence to see which asset is stronger, which one's weaker. Now if we were going down, then we would almost want to take a look at US 500. Because look right here. Again, look at my cursor. US 500 failed to take out Asia highs right here. But by that time, US 100, otherwise known as NAS here, had already taken out Asia highs. So that let us know that this one's weaker. So if we were looking for a sell setup, it only makes sense that we would have taken this to sell. And it did. It dropped much further than NAS did. So once again, they're telling you a similar story. But you want to see which one matches up with all of the signals and the signs and the story that the market is telling us. Here's another example of divergence. Remember it just means diverging paths. These two assets are supposed to be sisters almost. Mirror opposites, US 100, otherwise known as NAS, and US 500, otherwise known as the S&P. But right around the time we got a M signal, a manipulation move from NAS, right here. US 500 just followed the cursor. It's the same time. US 500 gave us an M signal as well. Then we had consolidation on NAS. And right here, if you look on the right-hand side, the right panel, US 500 gave us a double break, which is a continuation signal. But NAS didn't give it to us. So what's that mean? Well, first things first, US 500 gave that signal, but look at where it hit and hit the DSD low. So the DSD low and the DSD high, as explained in the indicator video at the beginning of this module, the DSD high and the DSD low are on average over the last 20 years how far that market extended in either direction. So when New York opens, the DSD low is the furthest, on average, the market extended to the downside, and DSD high is the farthest the market extended on average to the upside. And again, we use these as targets. So if we already have a setup, then we can take a trade right into the DSD high as long as we're trailing our stop. This becomes our take profit. This is where we would exit the market. Same thing with the DSD low. So when it hits these zones, it can gas out. Remember, it's only a buy model until it's not. It's only a sell model until it's not. If we hit those higher time frame fair value gaps like the four hour or the daily, or the DSD high and the DSD low, we can gas out and the market can reverse and head in the opposite direction. So not only did we hit the DSD low where the market is known to gas out, we got a double break, which is a continuation signal on US 500, but it might have already gassed out right here. And as you can see on the left hand side, NAS didn't give that same signal. So if these are supposed to be mirror opposites, what's that telling us? It means that NAS is too strong to take out these lows right here, this liquidity, and give us a double break, a continuation signal to the downside. So we still have a manipulation move, meaning the market wants to go in the opposite direction. So we could look for an entry right here. This is the first fair value gap that was created after we got the manipulation. So remember, make sure you understand the strategy. As soon as we get the M signal, there's a three step entry process off of a fair value gap. And there is no fair value gap here. This is the first one that was created right here between this candle and that candle. And one, two, and three. So the market tapped it and then continued up. But once again, NAS was too strong to take out these lows. So this is divergence. This one gave us a different signal than this one. This one gave us a manipulation fair value gap entry to go long. This one gave us a double break, which is a continuation signal, but guess what? Only one of these can win out. Only one of these can be right if they're supposed to be mirror opposites. And guess what? NAS was right. And it pulled US 500 with it, taking us all the way to the top. So we didn't have a continuation. But there was a lot of telltale signs that we might not get a continuation. We hit the DSD low. We got an immediate rebalance, which means the next candle balanced back into the range. So we could have easily gassed out because on average, this is how far the market likes to extend to the downside. We hit it and NAS did not take out that low and give us a double break signal. So this one was the safer bet to take. Remember, it's a process of elimination. We're not Nostradamus, we're just high probability traders. We try to figure out which one of these is lying to us and which one is telling the truth. That's where divergence helps us. So once again, divergence just refers to two diverging paths. If they're supposed to be doing the same thing and they're suddenly not, then it's a telltale sign. One of them is lying to us. We just have to figure out which one. So here it was a little obvious because we're like, okay, it hit the DSD low, could have gassed out. And the market gave us this setup and it gave us a proper entry to go long, which just ended up pulling US 500 with it. So that's how we use divergence when trying to figure out which asset we want to focus on as far as taking a trade. Because remember, you should always be looking at one asset and then another one that is considered its diverging path. And you can Google this. Whatever you're trading, for example, if you're trading Bitcoin, then Ethereum is the diverging pair. Now if you're trading New Zealand against the US dollar, then you can get just the US dollar here. So if the US dollar is going up, but here it's showing that it's not going down, then they're diverging, right? One's telling you a lie because they should be moving in unison with each other. But you can Google any asset you're looking at that you're day trading, you can find a diverging path. For example, gold, silver. Where is the diverging path? And or you can even use the US dollar because those two are kind of connected. When the US dollar goes up, gold goes down. When the US dollar goes down, gold goes up. So you can use those two. The blue and purple zones. The blue and purple zones are high algorithmic levels highlighted by the market translator framing the three sessions and outlining the continuation move or marking the reversal point. It reflects institutional activity and key liquidity zones. Key features. These zones attract price establishing a clear range. They frequently trigger any session reversals and automatically identify critical levels based on price action. The darker the color of the zone, the stronger it is. Purple, dark purple, blue, dark blue. Opportunity. Trading from. Use the zones for entry or exit points during the sessions. These zones work as amazing confluence points and increase trading precision by identifying high probability levels and aligning strategy with predictable market dynamics. Trading to. If the manipulation move is away from these zones and the zones are in the direction of your daily bias, you can trade to these zones using a five minute fair value gap entry. So remember the purple and the blue zones are highly algorithmic zones that the market is drawn to and pushes from. So we use these zones along with our signals to put together our bias. Are we going to trade into them and take our TP, take profit right into them or are we going to bounce off of them and then look to go above and take out our double break. So right here is a perfect example. So the Asia and London use the purple zones. New York exclusively uses the blue zones. They can use a purple zone as well if the purple zone is anywhere near it. Here, obviously New York was well above the blue zones and the purple zones. But if we get a signal like this double break. So we had a double break to the upside for Asia. We dropped into the purple zone and then we would have looked for an entry here to go long into this purple zone and or at least to take out the double break for Asia here. This yellow line. Now we had a fair value gap. Remember double break retracement. Fair value gap created but the market actually ripped right through and then didn't create another one until here actually. And again this is well past this session. If you're not in a high probability trade setup two hours after the session begins. So this is Asia starts at 8 o'clock Eastern Standard. So if you're not in a high probability trade setup by 11, you're pretty much out and done. You can check the next session but you want to be concluded. So here it ran right into London but let's just use this as an example. We hit here and then eventually it went up to take out Asia highs and it hit the purple zone. Now London gave us something similar. We had a double break to the upside. A short retracement and then again it went into the purple zone. So the purple zones are used for take profit and to see if we're going to bounce off of those when we get a double break and a retracement. We want to retrace back to the purple zone and then push. For New York again something similar. As soon as we get a signal here we had a double break so we knew that we were going to continue up. Double break retracement, fair value gap tap, push up. I don't know if it actually let us in here but we were well above the range so we couldn't use the blue zones here at all. But if we had had a manipulation move right here then we could have taken a take. We could have used the blue zone as our take profit if it was going to come that deep. Obviously we're just looking for a one to three risk to reward so we're not looking to get too greedy but if we had already rolled our stops and we were in a safe trade we could let the rest of it ride all the way back to the blue zone if we had had a manipulation to the upside first. That's how the blue zones and the purple zones are used. We use them as take profit and we use them as our retracement zones which is a perfect example here. So we had a manipulation move to the upside. Market ran right through. There was a blue zone down here that it tapped. It went through this blue zone as well. Eventually we got a double break to the upside. What did it do? We hit the blue zone, went up, came back, tapped the blue zone again. So again the blue zones frame the New York session and the purple zones frame Asia and London and they're used as our take profit and or our rejection points.