Basic chart reading. What is a chart? A chart is a visual representation of price movement. Because markets are fractal in nature, these patterns repeat across all time frames, meaning the same setups can appear on the one minute time frame, then again on the five minute time frame. And we'll show you what that looks like a little later. Candlesticks. Candlesticks show the story of price within a specific period by giving insight into buyer and seller behavior. This behavior is fractal in nature as well, so the same candlestick patterns and meanings apply across time frames. Trends. Trends describe the overall direction of the market, whether it's moving up, down, or consolidating, which means sideways. These trends exist on all time frames simultaneously, reinforcing the fractal nature of the market. Candles. Open high, low close. So there's four key parts to every single candle. Now these are called candles for obvious reasons. Here's a green candle and a red candle, a bullish or a bearish, and we'll go over that. And it's just because they look like candles. Here's your candle body. There's your wick. Now usually it can have two wicks, but that's pretty much where they got that name from. So let's look at the four key parts of every candle. Open. The price where the candle started. Close. The price where the candle ended. High. The highest price reached during that time. And the low. The lowest price reached during that time. So every candle has these four elements. Here's your open on a bullish candle. It went low. It went high. And then the price finally settled here. Close. So a bullish candle appears when the close price is above the open price and it will close green. Now a bearish candle is the exact opposite where the close price will finally settle under the open and it will close red, but it still has the same four elements. It opened, it went up, it went down, and this was the settle price of that candle. So the markets are fractal. Get used to that word. Now it's an algebraic geometric concept that just means you're going to see patterns repeating on different levels and on different time frames. Imagine the Mandelbrot set and you can look that up, but it's just infinite patterns that just continue on. So what's happening on the five minute time frame is happening on the one minute time frame. It just looks different, but it's repeating a similar pattern. So let's look at a five minute candle. Now the markets can be viewed on different time frames. You can go all the way from a monthly time frame all the way down to a one minute time frame. Now each one of those candles will represent that time period that you're on. So if I'm looking at a five minute time frame, I see this candle, right? I see open, I see low, I see high, and I see close. But if I went to the one minute time frame, I would see that same move and it would be made up of five candles, right? Here's the low that was down here. Here's the high that was up here. And then this is where price eventually closed. But it took five candles to make that one move. So within this one five minute candle is five one minute candles. And within one of these one minute candles is two 30 second candles. And you can again drop the time frame all the way down to the one second. Now you don't really need to go past 30 seconds and you don't really need to go higher than a month. But I'm just showing you that the markets themselves are repeating the same pattern on all these different time frames. So you want to match them up. If the market is going up on the higher time frame, let's say a four hour, right? Because four hour candles can move an entire market. That's literally controlling the entire day. So if the market is going up on the higher time frame on the four hour, you want to pair that up and follow the same trend on the lower time frame, just so you're going in the same direction as the market. Fair value gaps. So fair value gaps form with a three candle sequence where neighboring wicks don't overlap with the body, creating a gap zone. These gaps or holes in the market emerge due to a lack of buying pressure or selling pressure during significant price movement. So essentially all this means is that the market moved so quickly that it left holes in the market. So it's a three candle pattern. Here's a fair value gap right here. And it's made up of candle one, this red candle, candle two and candle three. Now all a fair value gap is, is when a wick from candle one does not touch a wick from candle three and it leaves this gap on candle two. Here's another one. So this one becomes candle one, this one becomes candle two, this one becomes candle three. And the wick from candle one is not touching the wick from candle three, therefore leaving this big gap in the middle that we call a fair value gap or an inefficiency. So imagine these again like footholds as if you're climbing a mountain. You need a foothold to climb a mountain down or to climb a mountain up and the market will return back to these because they moved so fast that fair value was never delivered here. So if I was looking to sell the market, I could not get in because this move happened so fast. But I know that the market will eventually come back and fill this in, this inefficiency, allowing fair value to be delivered and to encourage participation for people who did not get in. So this is, you know what you've heard that old adage, wait for the market to come to you, don't chase the market. This is what they're referring to. The market will come back to these inefficiencies because it has to, it has to fill it in. This is the lifeblood of the market. So fair value gaps serve as entry points as the market is attracted to this liquidity. When price movement moves down, it targets potential fair value gaps above leading to upward movement, gap filling and subsequent bearish momentum. So again, it will fill these in and then continue back down in the direction it was going. So even after fair value gaps are filled, they remain important levels for price to reject off of or retrace from or retrace to. So when the market eventually starts moving back up, it'll cut through these, but then it can use these again as kind of a foot hole up to climb the mountain back up. Consequence encroachment. Consequence encroachment is the 50% midpoint of previous candles low and next candles high fair value gap. Only the gap, not the candle. You can drop in a box tool from Tradingview between this gap and price will most of the time come into the midpoint. If you are bearish, you don't want any candles to close above the consequence encroachment of the fair value gap. And if you are bullish, you don't want candles to close below the consequence encroachment of the fair value gap. Price can wick above or below, but if it closes over this midpoint, there is a cause for concern as price might not respect this particular fair value gap. So there's the midpoint. Here's your fair value gap as we covered in the last slide. So that little dot there is the midpoint. You can just drop in a box and it will show you where the middle is. Would you want candles to stay above the midpoint, the candle bodies? They can wick down here, that's fine, but you want them to primarily stay above this midpoint. Same thing from down here. If they're coming up, then you want them to respect the midpoint if you want to continue downward. So again, that's how we use the consequence encroachment, which is just the midpoint of these fair value gaps. Here we have a naked chart. Just looking at Brent crude oil. Now here's your fair value gap right here. Right. It's a three candle pattern. So here's candle one, here's candle two, candle three. So candle one's wick is not touching candle three's wick leaving this little hole in the market. Now keep in mind, just turning on the spotlight indicator will show you exactly where all the fair value gaps are. So all the red ones right there, just paints them out for you. You just got to go back and create a box around them. So just kind of make this box tool. So it even helps you make a better fair value gap and you just kind of park it in there. Here's your box tool up here. You can find it here in the toolbar and then just favorite it, favorite it and it'll add it to your toolbar. So here I'm just going to change this color to red. So again, it just paints out where the fair value gaps are and these boxes have midpoints. So there's your consequence encroachment of the fair value gap. Right. So this is a zone where the market moves so fast that nobody could get in and move too fast. So the market wants to come back and touch it just like it did here to bring fair value back here. So this is going to engage participants to jump in and now go for that sell. Right. They're hoping it goes for the sell market could just rip right through here and go to the upside. But so that's how you use a fair value gap. This is almost like a train station, right? So we wait for the market to come back to the train station. That's how we jump on trying to jump into a market that's doing one of these just a runoff. That's like trying to jump onto a moving train. That's how you get hurt. You can literally blow your account out like that. So this is where we wait for the market to come back to and then we look for an entry and then obviously we're going to go over the actual entries of each strategy. But right now we're just covering what fair value gaps are. I can even turn, let me turn the spotlight indicator back off. So again, it just shows you where all the fair value gaps are. Here's one right here, right? Just a big zone where wicks are not touching. So this candle body right here, see the cursor vertical line? This candle's low, wick is not touching this candle's wick high. So it just leaves a big hole in the market. It's a three candle pattern. So right there, I just move it in and I know that price will come back here to deliver fair values so it can engage participants to enter the market and then this is where I would look for an entry to go short. Obviously you want to pair this with the rest of the strategy. One thing alone is not going to help you in figuring out market analysis and market directional bias. We want to use everything together. When you use everything together, that's called confluence. So we're looking for as many confluence points as possible to figure out which way this market wants to go. But that's how you use fair value gaps. That's what fair value gaps are and there's the consequence encroachment midpoint of that fair value gap. Internal to external. Now this is how the market moves and breathes. There's two types of liquidity, meaning there's two areas that the market is trying to get to. So liquidity is categorized into internal fair value gaps and external highs and lows and we'll go over that on the line chart and show you what it actually looks like. Now market movement. The market perpetually moves between internal and external liquidity. It either transitions from a high or low point to a fair value gap or from a fair value gap to a high or low point creating a continuous cycle. Direction determinants. Whether price moves towards upper or lower liquidity depends on the previous order flow and trend. A downtrend suggests a downward move while an uptrend suggests an upward move. So now look over here on the right. This is how the market moves. We've all seen these patterns, right? These waves up and down, up and down. So each one of these waves creates this pattern where there's external liquidity, right? Every time it goes up and then every time it drops there's internal liquidity. So internal liquidity is fair value gaps and they're left when the market moves so fast that it leaves a gap in the market where participants didn't get a chance to enter. So obviously in order to bring fair value back to this area, they bring the market back so people can participate and jump in. So we know that it's going to either come back here, right, to a fair value gap, which is internal liquidity, and after it's taken that and it's given fair value where people can jump in, where's it going to go next? Well it's going to go take out external liquidity, this peak that it just made where people went short. So this is external. All the peaks are external, right? Even down here. That's a peak to the downside here. So there's external liquidity sitting under here and then all the internal liquidity is inside with the fair value gaps. So the market goes up, takes out external liquidity, and then goes back in to take out internal liquidity. Where's it going to go next? External liquidity. Now does it always have to continue up? No, it can actually hit this fair value gap, take internal liquidity, and the next external that it takes can be this point right here, this low. So remember there's liquidity points on highs and lows, not just highs. So lows have it because people went long here, they jumped into the market to buy, and people went short here, they jumped into the market to go down. So there's liquidity sitting up here and down here because this is where their stop orders are. They're hoping the market doesn't come back and stop them out. But the market knows exactly where their orders are placed and it intentionally does what's called stop hunts just to take their liquidity so they can buy low and then sell high. And the market will continue to do this from internal to external, from internal to external. So as soon as it takes an external liquidity, it's going to take internal liquidity. After it takes internal, it's going to take external again. And it will continue to do this back and forth. So here we are looking at a chart of Bitcoin. So liquidity just refers to the highs and the lows, guys, that's it. It's that simple. There's a high, there's a low, right? As you see these ebbs and flows, here's a high, here's a low. So why is liquidity sitting there? Well, this is where people went short, right? This is where people went long. So there's buy orders here. This is where people bought the market in hopes that it would continue to go up. So if I buy the market here, where's my stop loss going to be? Like right about here, like two ticks under here. Remember, a stop loss is pretty much the breaks of the trade. Meaning if the market goes lower than this, my trade is over. I conclude the session in a loss. So I don't want to lose any more money than this. This might be 1% of my balance, for example. So, and the market knows exactly where your stop orders are. They even do what's called stop hunts where they come for them specifically. So then the market went up and then this person who bought this liquidity got taken out, they're just riding high, the market's going up, they're making money. Then suddenly, once it took out this high, this liquidity, it then decided to do a stop hunt and take out your order here. There's liquidity sitting under here. The market knows this. So if it knows where your breaks are, where your stop is, it's going to come and take it out. Because remember, there has to be checks and balances. There's a buy at the end of every sell, there's a sell at the end of every buy. So they take money from you by taking out your position and then they disperse it, dispense it up higher here. This is the market buying low and going up here and selling high and the market finally started dropping back down. So liquidity just refers to the highs and lows because this is where all the orders were placed. Here, people bought, that's why the market went up. Here, people sold, that's why the market went down. So it only makes sense to come back out and take out your liquidity, which is exactly what the market did here. Because it needs that. It's the lifeblood of the market. So that's one concept. That is liquidity. What's the second thing the market is doing? It's filling in inefficiencies, those fair value gaps that we saw. So fair value gaps are a three candle pattern right here, one candle, two candle, three candle, as mentioned in the previous video, right there. Here's another one, candle one, candle two, candle three, where candle three's wicks are not touching candle one's wick, right there. So now, remember, these are the inefficiencies, right? All liquidity is external, meaning the market is going up or down, but it's taking it out to the left, right? Like all of the highs and the low points. It's moving up and or it's moving down, but that's considered on the outside of the market. All fair value gaps and inefficiencies are on the inside of the market because the market has to go dip down first to touch them, then go back up. Here's another fair value gap right here, for example. Right, this hole in the market where this wick is not touching this wick. So price moved so fast that it did not bring fair value to this area. Buyers couldn't get in. So obviously, to activate participation, the market comes back here so buyers can look for an entry to go long. So we know that the market is most likely going to come back to an inefficiency. We don't always know exactly which one, but then we use that in confluence with everything else. So once again, the market came back down here and then eventually moved sideways and then pushed up. So again, when it's not taking out liquidity, it's filling in an inefficiency and it does this process back and forth. Once it's filled in inefficiency, it's going to then start hunting for liquidity. Now, where's that liquidity? One would think, hey, it's just going to bounce here and then go up. No, it could hit this liquidity, sorry, this inefficiency, and then do a hunt for this liquidity, this low point down here. Once it's taken that, it'll fill in an inefficiency, and then it could cut through and go all the way up to this liquidity, all the highs and the lows. And it's just doing this back and forth, taking liquidity, filling in an inefficiency, taking liquidity, filling in a fair value gap. So inefficiency just meaning fair value gap. It's doing one or the other and back and forth. That's it. That's the only two things that the market is doing.