Money Management. Effective money management is the bedrock of sustainable trading. It not only safeguards your capital from undue risks, but also ensures that your trading decisions are systematic, rational, and aligned with your long-term financial goals. In this guide, we will outline a comprehensive money management routine tailored for the first time day trader. Risk management, risk to reward ratio, profit and loss management, review and adjust, and psychological discipline. We are going to focus on all of that. Risk to reward ratio. Ideal ratio. Aim for a favorable risk to reward ratio such as 1 to 3 or higher. This means that for every dollar at risk, you aim for a potential profit of at least $3. Profitability threshold. Only take trades that offer a potential reward that justifies the risk. Avoid trades with a poor risk to reward ratio. I cannot stress this enough. There have been many trades in the past where all the points of confluence matched up and this would have been the perfect trade to enter on, but it did not give me the 1 to 3 risk to reward ratio I was looking for, so I passed on it. That's the hardest thing to do, but it's necessary. Profit loss management. Profit targets. Set realistic profit targets based on technical analysis or predefined levels of support and resistance. Protect profits when the market reaches these levels. Trailing stop loss. Consider using a trailing stop loss to protect profits as the trade moves in your favor. Adjust the trailing stop based on market volatility or key technical levels. Daily loss limit. Establish a daily loss limit to prevent significant drawdowns. Once this limit is reached, stop trading for the day to avoid emotional decision making. For example, in the DR strategy, we have two losses you can take per each session. Anything more than that and you're technically gambling. That's not what we are. We're not gamblers. We're day traders. Review and adjust. You should have a journal. You should be journaling everything. Regular evaluations. Review your trades regularly to analyze what worked and what didn't. Adjust your strategy based on your performance. Adapt to market conditions. Be flexible and adapt your risk management strategy to changing market conditions. Market dynamics can vary, so staying nimble is essential.