Alright guys, getting started. So you're going to need a trading view plan. Just go to tradingview.com. You can sign up. They have free plans and I think the plans start as low as $20 a month. So as soon as you sign up right here in the top left hand corner, you're going to get an ID. So you need to send us your ID here and you can just send it through the contact us form right here. So we have it. That way we can send you the invite for our two indicators, market translator and the spotlight. And then when you do get it, you just got to go to, I believe you're either going to get a request here or it'll just pop up under your indicators in general. Under your invite only, you'll see a list. Just click them and they will apply on your chart. Let us know if you're having any issue. I know that trading view is always moving things around. So depending on when you're watching this video, just in case there's any issue, please just contact us directly. Now how do you attach your broker? That's the second thing. We can't recommend a broker, but do your due diligence. Find a broker that's licensed in your country. So there's either CFD contracts you can trade or futures contracts. Now all you got to do is you can hit buy or sell right off the chart here and it's going to give you all of these brokers. So again, do your due diligence. There's more down here. Show all brokers. And as soon as you set up an account with your broker and you move money in, then you can just link that right to trading view and trade from here. At the beginning, start with the paper trading account. This is free. This is just a demo money, fake monopoly money. And it shows up down here every time you take a trade. And then again, from here you can select, connect another broker when you're ready for a live broker. But we recommend you practice for 30 days in this demo account. And we go over how to take a trade in the next video. But yeah, you want to make sure that you're all set up. So that's what you need. You need a trading view plan. You need to send us your trading view ID. We will send you our indicators. They'll show up here under the invite only. Click them and they will appear on your charts. And then feel free to check out some tutorials on how to actually add stocks to your list, et cetera, how to add tickers to your list. You can pretty much do it from here. Add symbols. Here's your timeframes up here. So majority of our strategies focus on the five minute, the one minute, and the 30 second. So you can just jump down. Remember, the markets are fractal. And again, a lot of the stuff we're going to go over next, but we just want to kind of show you the platform and how we will integrate into it. So what is trading? Trading is the process of buying and selling financial assets with the goal of making a profit. So these assets can include stocks, currencies like Forex, commodities like gold or oil, and crypto currencies. Traders aim to take advantage of price movement in the market by buying low and selling high or selling high and buying back lower. Trading can be short term like day trading or scalping, medium term like swing trading, or long term like position trading. Successful trading involves market analysis in the form of technical and fundamental, a clear strategy and strong risk management encompassed in discipline. So now that you guys understand that concept, now let's jump into what really moves the markets, what's actually happening. Remember, it's all an algorithm. There is nothing else happening other than these two things. The markets are not random. They are only doing one of these two things. They are taking liquidity in the form of highs and lows where buy and sell stops sit, or they're filling in inefficiencies in the form of fair value gaps like we just showed you. That's it. And once it does one, it immediately heads to do the other and vice versa. It will continue to do this back and forth. Now if you understand this, this mindset shifts the focus from predicting to understanding where liquidity is likely resting, where is the next fair value gap that has not yet been filled in and how price may move to access either of these two points. And we're going to show you what that looks like on the chart. So how trades work. Remember, every buy has a sell. When you buy, someone else is selling to you. When you sell, someone else is buying from you. There's a checks and balances. No trades happen unless both sides agree on a price. So simple example, you buy 100 shares of a stock. That means someone else just sold 100 shares. That trade only happens when both sides match and are comfortable with the price. So how to take a trade. You're going to need these three things, guys. You're going to need a broker, a platform, or service that acts as the middleman allowing you to buy and sell assets in the financial markets. Do your due diligence. There's so many different contracts out there that you can actually trade so many different assets. So do your homework, figure out which one's comfortable for you, and then find a reputable broker that is licensed in your country. A trading platform. So we use TradingView. Everything that you've seen is tradingview.com. Now TradingView offers charting itself. You want something that shows you charts and allows you to plug your broker in and take a trade right off the charts. So for TradingView, we do have a discount. Just go to fractalfx.com. You can scroll all the way to the bottom. You don't have to buy anything. And it just shows you a link there to get $15 off your next plan. Their plans are free and they start as high or low as $20 to $25, I think. But you're going to need something to connect your broker. And now here's the trading framework. So there's your buy order, an instruction to purchase an asset at a specific price or at current market price, a sell order, an instruction to sell an asset at a specific price or at the current market price, stop loss, an order that automatically closes a trade at a set price to limit potential losses and take profit, an order that automatically closes a trade at a set price to lock in your profits. And then we're going to jump onto the charts and show you what that actually looks like. So here I am again, guys, on TradingView. So today is Saturday. So obviously the markets are closed. But crypto trades 24 hours a day and this is what I mean. Figure out exactly what assets you want to trade. So you only have Saturdays and Sundays of trade. There's always going to be something trading at a time you're available. There's going to be sessions that are available, be it London, New York, or Asia. There's always going to be some market moving at some time. So here we're just going to give you kind of an overall example. So let's say I do a very short markup here. So I know there's liquidity sitting up here, as we marked out last time, and there's liquidity sitting right here. Now what's the closest inefficiency to where my price is right now? So price is right here. Here's the closest fair value gap. Remember, a fair value gap is a three candle pattern. So candle one, candle two, candle three, candle three, this tiny little candle, which still counts, it's wick. Sorry, it's wick. It's not touching candle one's wick. So that's a fair value gap. So again, I'm not going to do any heavy market analysis. This is really just to show you how to take a trade. But let's say I've decided that I want to short this market. So here again, we have all this liquidity, this big wick, but the market kind of came in and almost filled this entire wick in. And then there's an inefficiency here. So I feel like the market's going to drop and most likely go for this liquidity or even maybe this inefficiency here. Right? Candle one, candle two, candle three, market moves so fast, it left this hole in the market. It's right under us. It could come back and tap this and then go head off in a specific direction. So I'm looking for a sell. I'm going to hit sell. It's going to ask me to link my broker right down here, for example. Right now I have paper trading set up. Paper trading refers to a demo account. It's a fake money account that allows you to practice. Everybody needs one. So my paper trading account's been linked, but you can eventually just link any right here. You can click here and attach a broker, connect another broker. And it'll give you a list of brokers. So we're already connected with this demo account. Now I'm looking to take a sell. So the units are very important. Now again, every asset you trade is going to have different units. It's going to have different contracts. So you've got to familiarize yourself with what you're trading. You can easily find demos and recommendations online and or on YouTube. And there's calculators. There's financial calculators. You can type in position size calculators, and there's free tools out there that you can utilize. But for now, I'm just going to say one. So I'm risking 1% to make 3%. So I'm going to go for a sell. Now the beauty of TradingView is it just gives you your take profit and your stop loss. You can see the screen flickering here, green, orange. So it's just a drag and drop. So I just drag my take profit. This is where I want to exit the market. I want to exit it the second it touches here. Stop loss, SL. I want to get out of the market the second, I don't know, let's say I've decided that once it crosses here, it's going in the wrong direction and I want to exit my position. So I just confirm and that's it. It's already set it. I would lose $84 if it hit my stop loss. I would make $67 if it crossed here. Now obviously that's not a great risk to reward. That's not even a one to one. So you can move this. And there's other, again, position size calculators that will show you how to get a one to three risk to reward depending on your balance. So you're risking $1 to make 3. But that's just simple math. And again, there's different tools that even TradingView offers. I can drop it in. Here's a short position calculator that's just built in. See, that was my move right here. It shows you my risk to reward, 1.65. That's the risk to reward ratio. And then you just play around with this until you see, oops, until you find your one to three, right, 2.2. And you want to make sure you're actually rolling your stops once you get to 2R. So once the market's actually made you that 2%, you want to immediately roll your stop. So I won't move it from here because that'll close off our position. I'll just move this calculator. Is it going to let me? They're actually sitting on top of each other. So let's see. Okay. So here, at least let me separate them. So again, you can move this right to your break even. Now you're in a safe trade. So you close off 50% of your position. How do you close off 50% of your position? You just hit this X, partial positions. So you can close 50% of that, so 0.5. Now again, not every asset will let you close off 50%. So you got to make sure you understand which asset you're trading, which end the units associated with it or the lot size associated with it. But then you would just hit close position. It would close off 50% of your position. And then the rest of it is locked in here. So if the market turns on you, it would close you out. Or it can continue to drop and then the rest of it can go all the way to your take profit. So here, there's our stop loss and the market is heading towards it. So if it hits this, it's going to take us out of our position. And then we would lose, again, $84. Here's the negative we're in right now, minus 41. This was just kind of a jump in. We didn't do any market analysis. But this is how you actually physically take a trade once you've done your market analysis. Simple as entering a position, moving your stop loss, dragging and dropping it where you want to exit, and then dragging and dropping your stop loss where you want to exit in case the market turns on you once you've done your actual proper calculation of your one to three risks or reward. And then the rest of it is risk management. As the market moves in your direction, you close off 50% of it. Remove your stop losses. You're in full control just by dragging and dropping these two right here. Take profit and stop loss. Now, how to determine movement. So there's four things you got to look out for, guys. Technical analysis. Technical analysis is the study of price movement and trading volume using charts to identify patterns and trends in financial markets. Investors use it to anticipate future price behavior and make buy or sell decisions based on historical data. Now, you've heard of indicators. They fall into technical analysis. Fundamental analysis. Fundamental analysis evaluates a company's financials, earnings, and economic factors to determine its true value. It helps investors decide if a stock is overvalued or undervalued. World news. News influences markets by shaping investor sentiment and expectations about the future. Positive news can drive price up while negative news can trigger selling and volatility. And finally, algorithmic patterns. Because algorithms follow repeatable rules, their behavior creates patterns that traders can learn to recognize and trade the markets.