Here we have the spotlight indicator. So remember to wait for the box to be formed. If price is bearish in here, the box will actually form red. If it's bullish, the price will form a green box. So the line right here, and again there's more of a zoom in explanation of each individual line and zone in the next screenshot, which helps with the spotlight dashboard. It isolates and gives the definitions of all the areas from the spotlight dashboard. But we're just going to go over the indicator here. So there's your dealing range. That's the line right here, top and bottom, that we want to see price close on the five minute, sorry the five minute time frame. That's where this strategy starts. We want to see a five minute candle close, not wick. Wicking is just this line going up and then closing down here, but the candle body has to close right here like this one does. As soon as the candle body closes over the dealing range, that's when we get a signal. And it could be a bearish signal or a bullish signal. Now as soon as we get these signals, we'll also get our standard deviations. And again, that's explained a little bit more in the strategy itself. We're just going to go over the components of the spotlight indicator. So as soon as you break to one side, that's the side that you're going to get your standard deviations to. And these are just measurements to help us figure out how far the market's going to extend so we can figure out our take profit. So the dotted line there, that's the inferred dealing range. So that's where the box closes. That's the area that it uses as reference where the candle bodies are. So the inferred line is always the candle bodies and usually the box. And this line right here, the dealing range is pretty much the wicks. So it counts the wicks too and it makes the entire range including the wicks. And that's what we want to close over in order to get a signal. Now again, here's standard deviation measurements inside the box and that's used with the spotlight strategy. Again, that's covered in a later video. But we're going to go over the remaining components here. So this little green dotted line and you can change that right here. Opening line, close line, you can change it from dotted to solid. The indicator paints out the opening of every range and the closing of every range. So the opening obviously would be with this candle. That's where this candle opened. There's a green dotted line right there. And that's also a zone we use as reference with the market bounces off of that. Now the close of the range is this candle right here, this red one. That's the end of this red box range that's been created and it takes some measurement right there as well. And you can see it because it's running inside this red zone. Now this red zone is the opening fair value gap. So every session has an opening fair value gap. It's the first fair value gap created on the five minute in the zone itself. And again, this becomes a highly algorithmic zone that the market is drawn to and bounces off of. So we can use this when we get a signal and we're looking for a retracement. We can retrace back to this potentially or if we get a signal and we're below this, we can actually take this back here to this zone. And this zone also plays a point in the market translator where we can also use this as one of our reference points that the market retraces back to. Now right here we have the EMAs, exponential moving averages. We use those as well. The red one is 20, the aqua is 50 and the orange is 238. Now this is pretty much just showing you time lagging data. It's showing you for example, a 20 exponential moving average is showing you the overall average of the last 20 candles. And then the aqua here is the last 50 candles and the last 238 candles. So when you get a crossover of the red and the aqua to the upside, you'll get a green up signal here, up in this dashboard. Now this is just showing us what the market is doing on the one minute, the five minute, the 15, the 30, the one hour, the four hour and the daily. So we want to see if it's green across the board. We want to see what the higher time frames are doing. And then again, as soon as the red crosses over the aqua, that would be a red signal and that can be read across the board as well. So we just use this for more confluence. Just a quick bird's eye view. Take a look in the right hand corner. Are we all green? Is the market, since the market is fractal, meaning it's doing the same thing on different time frames, we want to make sure that the higher time frames are green and or at least they match our signal. So we're not counter trend trading. We want to go with the trend. That's when you're going to find the highest probability of success. And then down here, the indicator paints out these aqua lines. This is called the weekly range and we cover that a little later, but it's pretty much Tuesday's New York session. That's where it forms it. And on Thursday, the market likes to retrace back to this zone. There's a 70% chance that we will retrace back to this zone on a Thursday. So we use that, but this is the weekly range right here, high and low, painted out with these aqua lines. And that's pretty much the spotlight indicator. And we covered the strategy next. So the spotlight strategy works across three different time frames, very similar to the market translator. We get our setup on the five minute. That's where our signal appears. Then on the one minute, we wait for our confirmation and then we look for our entry on the 32nd. Trade times and windows. So obviously each session takes specifically about one hour to form the range. So London dealing range, the time window is between 3 a.m. to 3.55 a.m. Now again, these are New York Eastern Standard Times. So to New York dealing range, time window is from 9.30 a.m. to 10.25 a.m. After the dealing range is formed, that's when the signal can appear. Asia dealing range, time window from 7.30 p.m. to 8.25 p.m. New York time. That's how long it takes for the dealing range to form. And then a signal can appear after that. If no setup is identified within one hour after the range formation, consider passing on trading for that session. So for example, for New York from 9.30 to 10.25, the range is still forming after 10.25, you'll get a signal. But if you don't find a high probability trade setup from 10.25 all the way to 11.25, then just conclude the session. You should be in a high probability trade setup within one hour of that dealing range being complete. We don't want to sit there watching paint dry. So here are the three sessions. There's Asia, London, and New York. Unlike the market translator, they're all the same color and even the signals right there. There's a bearish signal, red, green bullish signal. So again, very simple. You'll just get a confirmation, retracement, extension. And again, we'll go over the strategy in detail. But this is how the actual sessions look. Asia, London, New York, and then Asia again. So the DR strategy, understanding the rules. The spotlight strategy utilizes both the five minute and the one minute time frames and then even the 30 second for setup and execution. This provides a safer entry for traders and prevents market manipulation. Time frame utilization. So setup. The five minute time frame is utilized for setting up the trade. That's where we get the confirmation. We're going to get that confirmation signal, be it bullish or bearish on the five minute. Don't drop down until you get it. Then we look for the setup. The one minute time frame is for confirmation. So we want to make sure that we're actually creating a fair value gap on the one minute after we've hit one of our zones that we're looking at. And again, we'll show you what this looks like live so it doesn't sound like jargon. Then our entry is on the 30 second time frame. This is where we execute and we look for a, again, fair value gap. We want to see it get tapped and then we'll look for an entry off of that and we'll show you what that looks like live next. So confirmation. The strategy begins with a bullish or bearish confirmation signal providing a clear directional bias before considering entry points. Bullish signal is green. You'll get a green arrow to the upside and bearish signal is a red arrow to the downside. What to look for? Retracement. So after we get that signal, the next step is retracement back into our zone. Remember that's what our 20 years of aggregate has showed us. That as soon as we get any confirmation, there's an 80% chance we're going to come back into our range. That's called the retracement, the pullback. It's kind of like a slingshot being pulled back and then let go. So that's when we look to enter our trade. So retracement to a fair value gap. After confirmation, there's a high probability that the market will retrace back into the dealing range, which is the box created during the session. The market will look to tap a fair value gap and most likely the 20 EMA, that's the exponential moving average. That's that floating red line created by the indicator. Using the Fibonacci tool, this is an extra thing you can do. So you can drop in a Fibonacci tool, you'll find that in the trading view tools. You can save it. It's just a measurement tool. Using Fibonacci tool from trading view, you can also take a measurement of the range and match with 61% to 79% Fibonacci measurement. That's the golden zone for the Fibonacci mathematical equation, guys. You can Google that. Fibonacci is found in everything. It's a sacred math that can break down pretty much whatever you're looking at. And we look, we use it on the charts and we look between 61% and 79% to see if the market's going to retrace back in there because that's where most reversals happen. Now this enhances the probability of accurate entry points. This is shown in the live example, which is coming up next. The Fibonacci measurement acts as a guide helping identify potential reversals or continuation zones within the retracement. You match the 61% to 79% zone to a nearby fair value gap and the 20 EMA for more accurate entry. Again, we're just looking to see like on a Venn diagram, the Venn diagram from school, you see those three circles. In the middle there, where all three circles meet, that's where we're looking for our entry where Fibonacci, a fair value gap and EMA touch, somewhere in the middle there. And we'll show you what that looks like on the live chart next. Before we jump onto the live chart, we also want to go over the stop loss and take profit and how it works. So spotlight confluence. For further confirmation, we try to match our fair value gap, stop loss and take profit with the historical data from the spotlight dashboard. And again, we'll show you what that looks like to let us know how far price could retrace back into our range or how far it could extend outside of our dealing range. Our entry, once we have a rejection off of a point of interest, we drop down into the one minute timeframe and look for a creation of a one minute fair value gap to be formed. Once this gap is formed, we then wait for the market to retrace back to this fair value gap and create an engulfing candle and then a 30 second fair value gap. We keep dropping down timeframes, right? It's fractal. So, and again, we'll show you what that looks like. And then when we wait for the 30 second fair value gap to be tapped and that's where we're going to look for our entry. Again, it's going to sound like jargon. Just hold off, wait for the live example next. Now our stop loss. This is where we decide that we're going to exit this trade if it's going against us. Remember, nothing is 100%. We got to have protection. Our stop loss is set to ticks. And again, we'll show you what that looks like above or below the rejecting candle. Be sure to move your stop loss to break even once you have reached a 2R risk to reward. So we always go for 1 to 3 risk to reward for every move. So risking $1 to make $3, 1% to make 3%. But as soon as we get to 2%, we roll our stops to break even and we close off 50% of our position. Now we're in a safe trade, so we're protected. This is also a good place to close off again, half of your position. Take profit. Our take profit should have a 1 to 3 risk to reward ratio, which you can measure using trading view position size tools. And we'll show you where that is. You can also use the spotlight dashboard and the standard deviation extension as your take profit. But if it's more than 1 to 3, then proceed with caution. Make sure to trail your stop loss and take partial payouts along the way. Now again, a lot of that sounds like jargon, but watch when we hit the live charts. All we're talking about is protecting your position as you're moving, as your trade is moving in the direction of your take profit. All right guys, here's the spotlight strategy in its entirety. So this is a New York session. You don't make a single move until the box is fully formed and until you have a signal. You'll get a red signal to the downside for a bearish move and you'll get a green signal to the upside for a bullish move. Now as soon as we get one of these signals, and the reason this strategy is so important is our back testing over the last 20 years, because algorithms repeat, it shows that when you get a signal, there is a 80% chance that the other side of that box will not be broken. So if we got a bearish signal, there's an 80% chance that the top of this range will not be broken. And there's an 80% chance after getting a signal in either direction, that the market will retrace back into this box. So that's why we look for an entry in here in hopes that it won't break the other side and it will continue in the direction. So after we get a retracement, we get an extension, or you can call it a continuation. But either way, it wants to go in the direction of the signal. So when it comes back into the range, there's three things we're looking for. That's it, three things. Three, every single session creates a opening fair value gap right here. It marks it out. In this particular case, it's red just because the market was moving down and it was created by a bearish fair value gap. So remember, the spotlight indicator paints out all the fair value gaps. You can see it. Let me zoom in here. So you can use this. People are always like, I can't find fair value gaps. It's right there. Just turn on the spotlight indicator. It'll show you on all the different time frames. But yeah, so it's green for bullish fair value gaps, red for bearish. And you just got to go in and then retrace and repaint like a box in that area so you know where it is. So now again, once we get our confirmation, we're waiting for a retracement. Where is this retracement most likely to happen? It's where there's a lot of confluence points. Confluence just means matching up all the different criteria. So here's our opening fair value gap that's created by the indicator itself. It also likes to retrace back to the 20 EMA, which is right there, that red floating line. And it also likes to retrace back to a new fair value gap that we created inside the range. So here's one right here. Right. Now, if you're looking at a Venn diagram, you know, those diagrams we used to see back in school, the three circles, whatever matches up in the middle circle, that's probably the highest point. And so that's what we have right here. So there's your New York opening gap. Here's a fair value gap that's been created that the market is respecting because we went into it and then came back out of it. This is called displacement met with displacement. So one move in with one candle green and then one move back out with a solid red candle, complete rejection. And it's touched the 20 EMA. So a lot of confluence points are right here. So as soon as we have this, we're going to now drop down to the one minute timeframe. And we're going to look for a similar setup. Just got to find that point. Obviously, when you drop down, each one of these candles are now one minute long. So we went from the five minute, that's where the strategy starts, and then we drop down to the one minute. All right. So this is where we hit that fair value gap. Now I'm looking for a one minute fair value gap to be created in this zone to the downside. So there it is. Change the color of that to red. Now I'm going to wait for the market to come back in here. So the market obviously gesticulated, consolidated, moving back and forth. And this was the first time it actually touched it. So this is where I would start looking to see if it created a 30 second fair value gap off of this. Now I'm going to drop down to the 30 second timeframe. Bear with me. Each one of these candles is 30 seconds long. So it's going to take a second to find that spot that we just marked up. Sometimes these charts move a little slow. Zoom out. It should be right here. So as soon as we hit that zone, we're just pretty much repeating a pattern, right? We just want to see it come back and repeat the same pattern. So now here's the first 30 second fair value gap that was created. Now after it hits it, I want to see a closure over the series of candles that hit that 30 seconds. So I'm going to change this color of this fair value gap as well. Change it to orange. So now I want to see a closure over the series of candles that brought us back to this 30 second. So this is the leg, right? Right here. All these green candles brought us to the 30 seconds. So I need the market to at the very least close under here. So it hits it. It doesn't close down here. What's it do? It goes up even higher and it breaks this top. So when we take out the high or the low of the area where we were looking at, so once again that was the fair value gap, right? So fair value gaps are three candle patterns, candle one, candle two, candle three. But if we take out that high, then I can't use this fair value gap anymore. So I got to look for a new one. So now that we took out this high, here comes the market again and it drops and it makes this fair value gap right here. Right? This little hole in the market. So market consolidates, comes back and hits it right here. And then this is now the new series of candles that led it to this 30 second fair value gap. So I want to close under here. This is where we closed. So you could have technically taken it right here for a short, right at that line. Now where's my stop loss? It's got to be the peak of the candles that brought me to the 30 second. So we moved in, hit the 30 second, pull back out, but this is now my stop loss. Right? This is my entry and I'm going for a one to three risk to reward, making sure that I roll my stops once I get to two R. So there's two R right there. I'm just going to make a line. When did we cross it? Crossed it here. This is where we would have rolled our stops. So we roll our stop loss to break even and we let the rest of it ride to about three R, which is most likely here. And we would have exited here, but after we roll our stops, we close off 50% of our position. Now we're in a safe trade and we just let the rest go to this area. Now I'm going to zoom out here. I'm going to go back to the five minute. I'm going to show you how the spotlight dashboard works in unison with this strategy. So this is what the setup was that we had. Now on average, we try to aim for one standard deviation. So these measurements right here, they're called standard deviations and we try to aim for at least one, be it minus one or plus one. Obviously it's going to be minus when we're going down and it's going to be right here plus when we get a confirmation to the upside and we're going up. We always try to aim for one, maybe even 1.5. On average, that's how far the market will extend. Now how far can it retrace back into our zone? So this is where we jump into the spotlight dashboard and we'll go over that separately, but we're going to line that up with our actual entry point, our take profit, and where the reversal is most likely to happen. All right guys, this is the spotlight dashboard. We use this in unison with the spotlight strategy. You can find it right up here. Remember, algorithms repeat, so we took all that 20 years of backtested aggregate data and we put it right here. So you can use it in confluence with the strategy. Do you need to use it? Not really. It's kind of overkill. A lot of traders actually never come back here, but it's a great tool to help you kind of visualize how deep a retracement could be back into our range and how far it could extend. So you break it down into whatever you're trading. You want to leave this on entire data set. These are the different sessions, Asia dealing range, New York dealing range, London dealing range. We're on New York right now because that was the example we were looking at in the last slide. You can break the information down even further. You can filter it based off of days, months, weeks. We're just going to leave this open. Now if you're wondering what each one of these numbers is, you just got to hover over that triangle, I mean, sorry, that question mark, and it will tell you. So again, this is the percentage of days that price broke out of the dealing range. So 94.9% chance that we're going to break that box and get a confirmation either direction, high or low. DR true. This means that the dealing range was only broken to one side. Whenever we say 73% chance, between 73 to 80% chance that we have an accurate direction, that's what this is based off of. Now this is different for every asset, of course, in every session. Confirmation long, 49.5% of the time we got a long confirmation. So retracement into DR, this is another important number. 84.8% chance that once we get that break, sorry, this is the percentage of days that price confirmed and then retraced back into the dealing range. So as soon as we got that confirmation, we came back into the range. That's why we look for an entry inside the range because there's an 84.8% chance that we will come back there, right? It's like trying to board a moving train or waiting for it to come into the station. So 84.8% chance that it's going to come back into the dealing range, that's our station where we're going to board the trade. Now retracement into IDR, this is the percentage of days that price confirmed and then retraced back into the inferred dealing range. That's the dotted lines that you can see on the indicator, which again is covered in the indicators video. Outside the DR, this is the percentage of days that price closed outside of the dealing range, 51.4%. Mean standard deviation up, on average, how many standard deviations above the IDR high did the price close at? On average, how many standard deviations below the IDR low did the price close at? And then average confirmation time, this is a New York time guys. So this is the average time of day when confirmation occurred. So when the confirmation should occur, the signal itself. So and again, this is New York Eastern Standard Time. Now you can break it down even further, true days and false days. True days is when we only get a confirmation to one side. Remember I said 73 to 80% chance that we're going to get a confirmation to one side and the other side will not be broken. That's a true day. If both sides are broken, if it happens to be that 20 to 30% chance that the other side of the range is going to be broken, that's a false day. So as soon as you get that, a candle closure over the other side of the range, the opposite side of the confirmation signal, then we void that trade. We're not interested in taking a trade when you have a false day. And then long and short confirmation. Again, you can filter all this information even down to the time. Now same thing here. If you're wondering what these are, you just got to hover over the question mark. These two are the most important. So this is how far the market's going to extend. But again, we can go over this. This is how many standard deviations the price extended above the IDR for a long confirmation or below it for a short confirmation. So as soon as we get that signal, this is – sorry, after we get the signal and the retracement, this is how far it could extend. So this is going to help us with our TP, our take profit. And we'll show you again when we go back to the chart. Median max retracement. Just going to hover over this. This is the furthest that the price retraced back into the IDR after confirmation. So after we get that confirmation signal, remember up here, 84.8% chance that we're going to come back into the range. This is how far it will usually come back. So here, this is the highest, 0.3 to 0.2. And again, we'll jump onto the charts and see what that looks like. Median retracement before high of session and low of session. This is the furthest that the price retraced back into the IDR after the confirmation, but before the high of the session for a long confirmation or the low of the session for a short confirmation. And again, a lot of this stuff is overkill, guys, but we gave it to you so you could actually take a look and see what the algorithm was doing over the last 20 years. There's also a chart that shows you what each of these measurements are. And that's, I believe, in the next two slides. Median retracement after 0.5 standard deviation reached. This is the furthest that the price retraced back into the IDR after extending at least half a standard deviation above the IDR high for a long confirmation or below the IDR low for a short confirmation. So remember those standard deviation lines in the last slide that extended out? And I told you we aim for 1 to 1.5 as our take profit. Well, this is showing you how much retracement happened after it hit 0.5. So it extended 0.5 for the confirmation signal and then back into the range. And again, guys, you're going to probably have to watch this video a couple of times if you really want to understand what every single one of these are and the next chart will actually help you with that. So we break it down to time as well. Again, this is New York time in 24-hour clock. This is the median time that the greatest extension of the session happened after confirmation. So this is, again, after we get that confirmation, this is the time that the greatest extension happened during that session. Median time of max retracement, again, same thing, right? This correlates with this and this correlates with this. This is just telling you what time the extension happened. This is telling you what time the retracement happened. Just go over this last one. What is the median time that the greatest retracement of the session happened after confirmation? Note median is not the same as mean. So again, this is a New York time. So let's see what this looks like. So this is saying that on average, we will probably extend, this is the highest peak, between 1.1 to 1.2 standard deviations. And it's saying that on average, we will probably retrace into the box 0.3 to 0.2 standard deviations. Now let's jump back onto the same example we were looking at. So let's find 0.3 to 0.2. It's a little hard to see here. So I'm going to get rid of this fair value gap for now just so we can actually see some of this area. A lot of colors here. But remember, that's here. I'll leave this one up because this is where we pretty much took our entry. So let's paint this out right here, 0.2 to 0.3. I just wanted to extend the box. So these are the standard deviations inside the box. These are the standard deviations outside the box. Negative is when we get a bearish confirmation. You get positive numbers when we extend to the upside. So this is where it said that we were most likely going to get a reversal. That's exactly where it hit, guys. Market came back. Remember, this was the fair value gap that I deleted. But it was right on top of this. So it came right back into here. Remember, it doesn't have to always. This is just more information to help us formulate our entry. And now how far did it say it was going to extend? Said between 1.1 to 1.2 on average. Let's jump back. So there's one. We came past one. That's why we usually use between 1 and 1.5 standard deviations as our take profit. So we were already out of the move, but you could have actually taken it all the way here. Remember, don't get greedy. As long as you're trailing your stops and you're in a safe trade, you can actually extend your trade to one standard deviation at the very least. This is the low hanging fruit that would have gave you a much, much higher risk to reward. And it went roughly about 1.1 to 1.2 before it had a deeper retracement and then another extension to 1.5. So this is how we use that number, right? This is the signal before 0.5 standard deviation, this one. Median retracement after 0.5 standard deviation reached. So there's your 0.5 standard deviation. That was your signal and then the retracement after that. So we do have a chart that breaks down what all of this is and where all of these levels are. So you don't have to memorize those right now. You can take a screenshot of that chart that we will provide. But that's pretty much how you use the Spotlight Dashboard in confluence with the Spotlight Strategy. Do you have to use it? Not always. Again, there's people that are trading so fast and they're utilizing both strategies, both the Market Translator and the Spotlight, that they never actually go back to the Dashboard. But it's a great tool to show you where the market could retrace and it gives you more confluence to help you have a directional bias and a little bit more confidence of where it could possibly go, especially if you're struggling to find a take profit point. There's no liquidity down here or fair value gap. You can use the point one or the standard deviation, either minus one or plus one, depending on which direction you get the confirmation. But that's how we use the Spotlight Dashboard with the Spotlight Strategy. Now we're going to look at what these graphs are actually referencing. We're going to see what that looks like on the chart, some of these points. Just so you're familiar with it. So let's jump on to the chart here. So we've outlined majority of those zones just so you know how to reference them. I couldn't find all of them in one chart, so we're going to use London here to show you some of them and New York Session here to show you some of them. So let's start with New York. There's your DR right here and your IDR. So DR is your dealing range, these gray lines. Your IDR is your implied dealing range, right here, the dotted lines. Implied or inferred dealing range. So again, the dotted lines, that just pretty much outlines where the candle bodies end within the range. So this box that's been created, that includes the candle bodies. And the DR is the candle Wix, so the entire range. Now there's 0.5 standard deviations, as you remember, one of the reference points, right here. Median retracement after 0.5 standard deviation has been reached. So that means after 0.5 standard deviation has been reached, which we did right, so that's that dotted line right there. This is the candle that crossed it. So right at 10.55 AM Eastern Standard New York Times, 0.5 standard deviations was reached. And again, this is just to show you how to read the spotlight dashboard and how to utilize that information. So this is just extra points of confluence for you. So we got a confirmation at the same time as we crossed that zone. Now let's look at retracement before high of the session, HOS. So that's right here, retracement before high of session or low of session. So high of session, obviously, for a bullish confirmation and low of session for a bearish confirmation. So let's go back. So right here, retracement before high of session. Now as you can see here, it didn't really retrace. After we got a confirmation, we didn't get a retracement. We mostly just got an extension and it just continued up. So we would count this candle because its wick is lower than this one. So after confirmation, this is the lowest the market went. That's all that means. Sorry, that's all that means is how low did the market go after you got a confirmation. Now usually we would hope that it retraces back into our range, but here it didn't. Instead, the market just continued up. So there's your high of session. This is pretty much where the session ended. Session ends right here. As soon as these lines end, the session's over. So this was the highest point reached during this session. Now let's take a look at London here for some of the other reference points. Since London actually had a proper retracement after confirmation, but there's your 0.5. So this is the candle that crossed 0.5. So 0.5 standard deviations reached at 415, 0415. So that's 415 AM. We also got confirmation. What happens after a confirmation? There's a high probability we're going to get a retracement back into the DR and IDR range, that box that was created. And then this is where we would have looked for our entry. Came back in. This is the max retracement right here. This is as deep as it retraced back into our range. So that's this one here, median max retracement. How deep did it retrace back into our range after we got confirmation? And then this one, median standard deviation extension. How far did it extend after it did the retracement? So that would be the maximum extension right here. As you can see during the session, it actually went right off of our chart. So past five standard deviations is how high it went. That right there is the high of session. And there you go. This is just an extension. So again, the strategy is as simple as getting a confirmation, a retracement, which is a pullback. Remember a slingshot being pulled back and then shot out. So max retracement shows you where that measurement is and how far it extended. Now keep in mind all of these points here are just to give you more confluence. We have traders that never actually even come back here and utilize this information. But again, algorithms repeat. That's why we put this information here for you. Points out the time of the max extension, the time of the max retracement. We use this in confluence with everything else. The strategy alone, just after confirmation and the pullback and the extension and the entry that we cover in the strategy video, technically that's all you need. But we wanted to give you all the information so you can actually read the dashboard and have more confluence points. True and false days, understanding the range. So the definition, true day occurs when the dealing range is broken only to one side. Remember we said there's a 70 to 80% chance that when you get a confirmation signal from the spotlight strategy, it will not break the other side. So when it only breaks that one side and it is that 70 to 80% day, that's called a true day. A false day emerges when the trading range is breached on both sides. We stop trading when this happens. So if it happens to be that 20% or 30% where the other side of the range is broken, where you get a candle close over the range in the opposite direction of the signal that we just got. So when we get a bullish signal, we're only looking for a retracement back into our range and then an extension. But if it closes on the other side of that range, outside of that range, that's a false day. We stop trading. That's a completely void. It's not following that 80% of our strategy, that directional bias. So we stay out of those trades just to protect ourselves. News impact avoidance. We abstain from trading on days marked by high impact news for the specific asset. Now when I say specific asset, I mean if you're trading indices or USD in forex, then you're going to avoid any USD high impact news for that day. This approach ensures that our strategy is shielded from unpredictable market fluctuations during significant news events. Understanding the prevalence of true and false days along with factoring in the avoidance of high impact news days enables us to refine our trading strategy for enhanced precision and profitability. We'll explore potential adjustments to capitalize on identified patterns while prioritizing risk management. So we're going to go over the expansion models. Keep in mind guys, these expansion models are to be used with everything else. The expansion models on their own don't really mean anything unless you put it with the signal and the rest of the strategy. But we're going to start with the upside expansion model. The upside expansion model is where each session acknowledges the level set by its predecessor, creating a seamless upward trajectory. The New York box is above the London box. The London box is above the Asia box, so creating this upward trend. And you'll see that live in the next chart. This is a great example of an upside expansion model. So here's Asia, London, New York. And each box is pretty much above the other box. So London is above Asia, New York is above London. So it's a progressive upside expansion model. Very obvious. Downside expansion. So in a downside expansion, each session acknowledges and respects established support and resistance levels from its predecessor, contributing to a downward push. So Asia is above London. London is above New York, etc. So they're creating a downward push where it goes Asia, London, New York. Asia's higher than London. London is higher than New York. And you'll see that in the next live example. Here we have an example of a downside expansion model. Asia, London, New York. Extreme downside. But they're respecting the previous sessions lows. So you can actually drop in a trend line minus that big dip that happened there. You can see that it's progressively going down. So that's what lets you know that it's a downside expansion model. It's obvious. Contraction model. When a dealing range forms within the previous one, creating a scenario like a spring being wound up before release. This model shape and structure transitions from a confined opening to a deliberate and gradual expansion. And it usually takes out both the buy and the sell side. And you'll see what that looks like live on the charts next. Here we have a contraction model. It's the opposite of a trumpet model. Remember trumpet model is where the previous session formed inside the current session. The contraction model is where the current session forms inside the previous session. So you can see New York box right here is inside the range created by London. Now something similar does happen where you get a lot of consolidation. But the market likes to move back and forth taking out the same highs and lows. So as soon as we were finished forming the box, we took out London lows. And then it moved back and forth and then it took out London highs. So keep in mind guys, and we cover this in the four hour video as well, the four hour model I should say. It's only a buy model until it's not. It's only a sell model until it's not. As soon as you hit a higher time frame fair value gap, like a four hour fair value gap or a daily fair value gap, that's when the market can reverse. So on the higher time frame, when we take out bigger liquidity or hit a higher time frame fair value gap, we can just reverse from there. So even though we got a confirmation to the downside, the market actually pulled back. As soon as we saw that it was a contraction model, we knew that it was a high percentage chance that the market was going to most likely take out the other side. So just be cognizant of this model. So it goes like this where it contracts and then breaks both sides of that previous range. Trumpet model is the opposite of a contraction model. The trumpet model is named for its resemblance to the flaring shape of a trumpet. It occurs when the price moves back and forth systematically, taking out liquidity on both sides before establishing a directional move. This results in an expansion of price where price takes out liquidity on both the highs and the lows before committing to a final direction. You can actually draw a trend line from the previous session and match with liquidity levels to predict where the market might be headed next. And we'll show you what that looks like on the next slide. Here we have a trumpet model. There's Asia, London, New York. So we have almost have two trumpet models. So Asia is inside the London range. So London formed pretty much completely outside Asia. So this creates a contraction model, sorry, a trumpet model where the market is almost setting up like a trumpet, right? You get that. Now when you see a setup like this, it usually likes to sweep both sides of the previous session. That's exactly what happened here. We swept out the lows of Asia and then eventually the highs of Asia. And in doing so, we created an even more bigger trumpet model here where London formed inside of New York. Now New York didn't quite sweep the lows here, but it tried. It almost got the lows here and then it took out the highs. So it continued on as a trumpet look where each session right here, Asia is inside London and London is inside New York. Our next entry is the power of three. It's accumulation, manipulation and distribution. So accumulation phase in a market, the accumulation phase typically occurs when institutional traders or smart money are quietly accumulating a particular asset. Price will consolidate without any significant movement. Then comes the manipulation phase. During the manipulation phase, large players in the market may intentionally create deceptive price movements. This can involve false breakouts or breakdowns, which may lure retail traders into taking positions but are usually just stop hunts before the true move, the distribution phase. The distribution phase follows the manipulation and is characterized by large scale selling by institutional traders. Price may start to decline and retail traders who entered during the accumulation or manipulation phase may find themselves on the wrong side of the trade. So we're going to go over power of three, otherwise known as consolidation, manipulation and distribution. It's pretty much how the market moves to actually manipulate your trade. So anytime you see consolidation happening, usually it needs at least five candles. I'm just going to bring this fair value gap in. So you need at least five candles. We're looking at the market on a five minute time frame. And this is happening, by the way, on all time frames. You can see power of three on a one minute and even a 30 second. So again, a lot of consolidation here, a lot more than five candles, but you need at least five candles to constitute as a consolidation. Now the next move is going to be a manipulation move. So you want to break whichever way we break out of this range that we've created. That's the manipulation move. So you can expect this to be the false move right here. Make this red. And then finally, we get distribution in the opposite direction. Let's make this blue. And it's as simple as that. Now you can get this in both directions. As soon as you get consolidation, expect the next move to be a manipulation where it sweeps out liquidity. It came all the way down here, took out the liquidity of all of this right here, and then you could have looked for a setup to go long. Now we use this along with our strategies, be it the spotlight strategy or the market translator strategy. When we see a setup like this happening on the 32nd or the 1 minute or the 5 minute, we just want to be cautious because you could get a signal. For example, you can get a signal down here. So you get consolidation and a signal here, but we know that the market most likely wants to go in the opposite direction. So you want to proceed with caution. You don't want to pair a signal with – or sorry, against power of three. You want to pair a signal with power of three. So here our signal came a little bit later in this session and we didn't get much of a retracement after that. The market just continued up. So here it didn't really benefit us, but you can use it in confluence with the strategy itself. So consolidation, expect a manipulation move to clear out any liquidity and break the box that's closed outside the box, right? So even though we kept wicking around, we kept closing. The candles kept closing inside this box. That was the first one to close outside. That was the manipulation move and then the distribution move was the real move in the opposite direction. And again, we want to use this with everything. Don't use power of three on its own. Use it with the rest of the strategy. Now finally, I want to talk about a higher time frame reversal. Remember it's only a buy model until it's not. It's only a sell model until it's not. Meaning once it hits a higher time frame PD array, which is a four hour fair value gap or a daily fair value gap, it's done. It could reverse there, right? Because on the higher time frame, on the highest fractal, we've just hit a roadblock. So potential reversal patterns. Once the market retraces to a higher time frame fair value gap or liquidity zone, i.e. four hour and daily fair value gaps, it's important to watch how market behaves. If the price stays in these gaps too long and starts consolidating, this indicates a loss of momentum. When consolidating happens at these key levels, the probability decreases that the market will continue moving in the direction of the original confirmation. Consolidation suggests the market is indecisive and it's a sign that the trade may no longer be valid. In these cases, it's often best to exit the trade at break even rather than waiting for the expected extension. This helps avoid getting caught in a side waves or a reversal movement, protecting both your capital and your risk management plan. So keep in mind, once we hit these higher time frame fair value gaps, that's where big movements happen. So always, always mark out your four hour fair value gaps and your daily fair value gaps that are around you, the closest one above and the closest one below. And again, it's something similar to the four hour model. So make sure you watch that video, but we're going to give you another video next that shows you exactly what we're talking about. Now here's a great example. We just got a bearish confirmation from the spotlight strategy, but we just hit this four hour fair value gap that I outlined. So it's here in purple. So as soon as we hit this, there was a chance that we were going to most likely reverse because again, this is a higher time frame zone. When you hit these, it creates ripples across all of the fractals. So if you hit something higher, like a four hour or a daily or a weekly or a monthly fair value gap, you're going to possibly reverse. And that's exactly what happened here. When we hit this, we had a bearish confirmation, but the market actually ended up eventually breaking the other side and giving us a false day. So always be cognizant of these higher time frame fair value gaps. Mark them out. So when I go to the four hour, I make sure I at least mark out the ones that are around me. Now remember, the spotlight strategy already paints out the fair value gaps for you. You know exactly where they are. Sorry, I just got to zoom in here. So it paints them out right there. The green ones are the bullish fair value gaps. The red ones are the bearish ones. So this is the one that we marked out, this bullish one as the market was going up. And then it came back down here. So this is where we got that bearish signal from the spotlight strategy. But we had already hit this fair value gap. So market was most likely going to stay up if it was going to be bullish. If on the higher time frame, we're bullish, right here green across the board, then it most likely wants to continue up. And eventually it came back down and wicked again here and it did it a few times. So we got consolidation actually on the higher time frame, but it's doing it all off of this time frame. I mean, sorry, this fair value gap. So when you hit something like a four hour fair value gap or a daily fair value gap, just be cognizant of where they are, mark them out. So this is the, like for example, if I was here, this is the one I would mark out. Now look at what price is currently. So we're at all time highs, right? There's no liquidity up here. You can reverse it any time, but right now that is the only fair value gap that's under me looking at the US 500 right now. So that's the only fair value gap that I have to be cognizant of. And also this point right here. So here's my liquidity up here. This is where market is right now. So this is all time highs. This is where liquidity is sitting and there's your fair value gap. So there's your external, here's your internal, always mark out your external, the closest highest time frame fair value gap or liquidity zone above you and then one below you. So you're always going to have either an external above you or an internal above you. And then same thing, you're either going to have an external below you or an internal below you. So again, just be cognizant of these points because once we hit it, we could reverse. It's only a buy model until it's not. It's only a sell model until it's not, until it's hit those higher time frame fair value gaps and achieved its purpose of that directional bias. Setting trading view alerts. So it's very, very easy to set an alert. You can set alerts on either the spotlight indicator or the market translator. It's literally a one step process. Traders will often set these alerts so they can follow more than one asset or market at the same time, often pivoting to another asset once an alert comes in. Sometimes it can be like watching paint dry when you're looking at whatever you're trading, be it the indices in the morning, gold, Bitcoin, whatever. So you can set alerts on other assets. And as soon as those alerts happen, for example, hey, you got a spotlight confirmation or you got a market translator signal, then you can jump over there if you haven't got one on the asset that you're trading and you're just sitting there waiting, waiting, waiting, and then suddenly you can set an alert on these other assets and it can just pop up on your phone through a trading view app. And now you can just jump over and maybe a different market's already getting ready to move. So we're going to show you how to set those alerts next. Very easy one step process. Now let's go over setting an alert through the trading view app. So on spotlight, all you got to do is right click anywhere on the spotlight indicator. I'm just going to click this green signal and hit add alert on spotlight. That's it. You don't have to do anything. Just have to hit create and make sure you're on the right asset that you want to actually get those alerts from. So now we're on US 100. So anytime I get a bullish or bearish signal, I will automatically be notified through the trading view app on my phone. It's as simple as that. Same thing with the market translator. And we're going to cover this indicator obviously in the market translator strategy, but you set the signals the same way or the alert, sorry, right click anywhere on it. I just click this M add an alert on market translator. Same thing. Just hit create. You don't have to do anything else. You'll get every signal from every session, every M and every double break. Just make sure you're on the right asset.