Previous Days Candle. When analyzing the market, the directional bias can be effectively determined by assessing the relationship between the Previous Days Candle and the one before it. This approach provides a foundational framework for anticipating potential market movements and help traders align their strategies accordingly. Candle close relative to the Previous Candle's body. If the Previous Days Candle closes above the body of the candle before it, this signals a bullish bias. It reflects sustained upward momentum and suggests the market is inclined to move higher. So let's say this is Previous Day. This is the day before it. So this candle closed above this candle's wick and body. Remember every candle has an open, a high, a low, and a close. So this is where it opened. This was the low set by this wick. This was the high set by this wick. And this is where it closed right here. So we closed above this Previous Days candle, both body and wick. So then using that information, we can only surmise that the next day is going to be bullish. By the way, all of these are day candles representing one day. So we can only surmise that this next day, we're going to get a bullish momentum. We're just basing that off of the daily setup. Obviously there's other things that we need to take into consideration. We need to work this in with the rest of the strategy. But this is to give us a directional bias just based off of the day. So conversely, if the Previous Days candle closes below the body of the prior candle, it indicates a bearish bias highlighting potential downward momentum. So same thing here. We have this candle and its wick did not close... Sorry, this body did not close above this wick. So there was the open of this candle, high, low, and it closed right here. So it closed within the body of this candle, Previous Day. So then what does that mean? It means that we have a bearish bias for the next day. And then here, same thing. We opened, we had a high, low, and a close. Again, it closed below this wick. So we have a bearish bias for the next day. And this continues. Usually, you want to look at at least three days. So three candles in a row is what you want to kind of consider. Anything beyond that, and you never know because right here, perfect example, we just hit this daily fair value gap created between this candle's wick and this candle's wick, this gap. We just hit it on the daily timeframe. So that means we could be reversing here. And that's exactly what happened here. We swept out the low, but this candle closed bullish. Now we can only hope that the next candle is also going to continue a bullish trend until it takes out these highs. So that's how we use the daily candle bias. And we're going to go into more detail in the next slide. So candle body close over previous wick. When the body of the previous day's candle closes above the wick of the candle before it, this is a strong bullish signal. It suggests that buyers have overpowered sellers at key levels establishing dominance. If the body closes below the wick of the prior candle, it signals a bearish bias reflecting stronger selling pressure that may drive the market lower. So once again, now we're talking about the wicks. In the previous slide, we were referring to the bodies, but here we want to close over the wick itself. Now here is a great example. So this candle, there's your open, there's your high, your low, and your close. And we closed under the wick and body of this... Sorry, not the body, but we closed within the body of this candle, but we closed below the wick of this candle. We didn't even wick it. So once again, we can only assume that the next day is going to be a bearish day based off of that information. Now obviously, once again, we use this with everything else, the entire strategy. But if we're just trying to do a daily setup, because everything is fractal, remember what's happening on a higher timeframe is happening on a lower timeframe. So we just want to pair this up. If we already have a directional bias on the day that suggests that the next day might be lower or a bearish day, then we want to hopefully line up our lower timeframe strategy to match that. So neutral or indecisive signals. If the previous day's candle closes within the range of the prior candle, but does not break above its wick or below its body, the market may lack a clear directional bias. Traders should look for additional confluence to confirm potential trends. Combine this analysis with other tools such as expansion models, buy-sell models, Fibonacci retracement, and higher timeframe PD arrays. So this is a perfect example, right? Again, this candle closed within the body here. We didn't even take out the high. So it's not a real clear direction, but the fact that we didn't break the high, we definitely broke the bullish trend. We were hoping to see the next candle create another higher high here above this wick. But the fact that we didn't, we don't have 100% directional bias with this candle on this day. But once again, the fact that it didn't break the high, I'm just going to assume that the next day will potentially be lower. So we just use this kind of in a way of deducting how this is going to possibly move forward, right? So we're trying to make the best, sorry, the best guess that we possibly can. All right, now we're going to take a look at daily candle bias. So depending on how your current day's candle closes, it can give us a bit of an idea of what might happen the next day. Obviously, we pair this with everything else. We don't use this on its own, but we want to pair this with the four hour model and then our daily models by cell models. But let's go over each individual setup. There's three. Now, we're not going to take any four hour or daily fair value gaps into consideration or any liquidity sweeps. Right now, we're just going to focus on the candle itself and then we'll introduce that right after. So let's imagine that this is current day's candle right here. So if this candle closes below the previous candle, actually, sorry, we're going to use this one just because this one closed within the range of this. So if did this candle close, close price, below the candle body and wick of the previous day, which is here. Clearly it did. So then the next day we can almost imagine and forecast that this will be a bearish day and it will most likely stay below 50% of this candle. You can easily just take a Fibonacci or a box tool. Work off this day. Right there at the midpoint is going to be 50%. Get rid of that. So we want to stay below this for this day, which it did and it closed below this candle. So now for the next day, what am I forecasting? I'm going to forecast that it's going to be a bearish day. Obviously, we don't know, but we're using this again with everything else. Now what happened on the next day, we swept the low here and we closed bullish above this candle's body and this candle's wick. So now we're officially bullish, immediate rebalance on the daily timeframe. If you look, you'll probably be able to pair this up with a liquidity sweep like here or usually a higher timeframe inefficiency like a four hour fair value gap or a daily fair value gap. So I swept out this liquidity and it closed above this candle. So that means the next candle, what can we expect? We're not Nostradamus, we're just forecasting here, right? So we're going to forecast that this next day is bullish because we got an immediate rebalance. This is an engulfing candle, meaning this candle's body completely engulfed the previous candle right here. So we're forecasting that this is going to be a bullish day. Again, we match it up with our weekly model, our four hour model and our daily buy sell models. That's exactly what it was. It was a bullish day and it closed above the wick of this day. So what am I forecasting for the next day after this? We're forecasting it to be a bullish day and I'm forecasting it to potentially stay above 50% of this candle, right? That line. But what happened? We actually swept out the low and we closed within the body here. So that means there is no real information for the next day other than the fact that we swept the low, we closed within. So I can hope potentially for another bullish day, but there was no definitive close above this candle's body and wick, right? We want to see a close right above here. So then this next day, again, pretty undetermined. It was a bearish day, but it's still closed within the body of this candle now. So between the wick, these two wicks, that's where we had a closure. So we don't really have much of a sentiment or a bias for the next day. Here finally we had a closure above this candle right here, right? So we closed above this candle's body and wicked this red one right here. So once again, what are we hoping that this next day is going to be? A bullish day. And what do we do? We actually swept out the low, but we closed above the 50% of this candle, but still not above the wick of this candle right here. So again, a little bit of bullish intent there because we swept out the low and we closed within the body and we closed pretty high with a big wick, but still could not clear this. So I'm going to wait for another candle to print before I actually have another directional bias and that's this candle right here. Huge candle closed well above here, giving us more of a bullish bias and so on and so on. And we do this obviously regardless of which direction. So when we were looking here, remember we were going down until we swept that higher time frame liquidity or hit that higher time frame inefficiency. And that's how we deduce and potentially forecast what the next day is going to be based off of just the daily candle. Weekly framework. The weekly trading framework is designed to analyze and anticipate price movements throughout the trading week, providing traders with valuable insights into potential high and low points. Now remember the first frame that we showed you where we were talking about the fractal nature of the markets. So now that we can use the same setup to figure out where the market might be going on a daily basis. So this candle here, for example, represents one week, but it still has to have a open, a high, a low and a close if it's a bullish candle, for example. Bearish candle, again, the close is below the open. So now this one week candle is actually made up of seven daily candles. We're only going to count five Monday to Friday because obviously the markets, the major markets are closed on the weekends, so we don't use that in the framework. So here's Monday. There's Tuesday, which would set the low. There's a 70% chance that Tuesday can set the low for the week. That would be this part of the wick. And then here's Wednesday. Thursday likes to sometimes retrace back to the weekly range, which is formed on Tuesday. So it can wick all the way down here. And then Friday, again, can create either the high or it can create a peak and then drop and retrace anywhere from 20% to 30%, especially if it hits something. If this weekly candle hit a weekly fair value gap or a monthly fair value gap, then it could cause this retracement of 20% to 30%. And again, we're going to break down each day next, but I just wanted you to get an overall view of what this looks like. So this one candle is actually made up of the smaller individual daily candles and each one is doing something usually. And we want to see what it's sweeping and how it's closing with respect to the previous candle. So Monday. Monday establishes the tone, bullish scenario. If price action is bullish, meaning moving up, there is a likelihood that Monday could establish the low for the week. So Monday could both be the open and create the low and then close up here. If it's a bearish scenario right here, conversely in a bearish market, Monday may set the high for the week. So again, it can open, set the high and then close over here. Tuesday is the key day, bullish scenario. If price action is bullish, there is a 70% chance that the low for the week, entire week will be established on Tuesday. So remember we saw that fractal, the first frame. Tuesday was wicking. So usually Monday opens and then Tuesday wicks low. So if it's a bullish day going up, sorry, bullish week, then Monday will open and Tuesday will set the low. It'll be the wick. In a bearish scenario conversely, market, there is a 70% chance that the high for the entire week will be established on Tuesday. So open Monday, that could be Tuesday if we're going down. Strategic insight, Tuesday often serves as a pivotal day providing a clear indication of the market directional bias for the week. So if you know and you have a high kind of directional bias that Tuesday could set the low, then we can use that to think Wednesday would then be an expansion candle. Wednesday could be a bullish day if the market is going up or it could be a bearish day if the market is going down. But 70% chance that Tuesday will set the low for the week. Wednesday confirmation of high low, bullish scenario. If the low has not been set on Monday or Tuesday, there is a high probability it will occur on Wednesday. So then Wednesday could create the low in a bullish scenario or set the high in a bearish scenario depending on how big the candle is. Bearish scenario, if again the high has not been set on Monday or Tuesday, there is a high probability it will occur on Wednesday. Confirmation Wednesday's price action serves to confirm and solidify the established trend for the week. So usually Wednesday will continue the pattern that was set on Monday and Tuesday. Thursday, inter-week reversal potential. Probable reversal. Thursday presents the potential for an inter-week reversal with a high probability but not a certainty that the market will be traced to the weekly dealing range, which was formed during Tuesday's New York dealing range. Those DR lines now become a point of interest. So remember the spotlight indicator paints out these aqua lines, those aqua lines that are in the indicator video. They are usually where Thursday returns back to. It can hit just one of them. It can retrace to the midpoint of both of them. So you can actually take a box from the high and the low and it will show you right there in the middle where the market could come back to on Thursday. So that is the weekly range set on Tuesday's New York session and Thursday could retrace back into it. Now Friday is a pivotal day guys. They call it Trap Friday for a reason. It does a lot of manipulation so proceed with caution. Sweeping liquidity or fair value gap. If significant liquidity has been swept or a higher time frame fair value gap is encountered during Friday, traders can anticipate a retracement of approximately 20 to 30% of the weekly candle. Strategic awareness. Fridays often exhibit retracement behavior especially following notable market events earlier in the week. So now remember this is Monday, this is Tuesday, this could be Wednesday somewhere in the middle, Thursday comes back to the week, the weekly range sorry. Now this could be Friday, this wick right here. So if we hit a higher time frame fair value gap like a daily, a weekly or a monthly, obviously the market is going to pull back right. So this could be a 20 to 30% pullback and that's where the market closed for the week. So be careful of a big retracement on Fridays. Now again if we're in a bearish scenario it could be right here. It could set the low and then pull back. You want to see has the weekly candle been pumping in one direction for the whole week. Is it a green candle? Is it a red candle? And did it hit anything where it could get a reversal? So conclusion, understanding the weekly framework allows traders to align their strategies with the natural rhythm of the market. By recognizing the probable high and low points for the week, traders can make informed decisions, plan entries and exits and navigate market dynamics with greater precision. As always flexibility and adaptability are essential in response to evolving market conditions. So here we are with the daily profile similar to what we did with the four hour model. Make sure you guys watch that video as well. So now here's Monday. This is a bullish example. So Monday hit this daily fair value gap. Tuesday hit the midpoint setting the low for the week. So this creates a reversal point. You want to see that it's actually hitting a liquidity zone. You're either hitting a fair value gap or you're sweeping higher time liquidity in the forms of highs and lows. So Tuesday set the low. There's a Wednesday. Remember Thursday retraces on average back to the weekly range which is set on Tuesday. So it came all the way back down and tapped that zone. And then Friday was an expansion, went up and then closed within 20 to 30% back into the range because we might have again taken out this liquidity. Right here we took out these highs. So then it then balances back into the range. So we've created this entire weekly candle where Monday was the open, Tuesday set the low. Wednesday was an expansion candle up. Thursday came back to the weekly range and then Friday went up and then closed. Now remember just like the four hour model we use the closure of these candles to kind of give us that bias. So look at Tuesday. We swept out the low but we closed back above the wick of Monday. That's a bullish sign. That means that we can expect Wednesday to continue up. Not always but again we use this in confluence with everything. We match it up. So then Wednesday was an expansion candle. It closed above Tuesday. We hope that Thursday will continue but then again we also know that Thursday does come back to the weekly range which it did. Closed down here. Swept out the lows but it closed right there. The candle closes what we're looking for and it closed above this wick. So then we kind of knew that Friday was going to be another expansion candle. We go in with a bias. Remember we're not Nostradamus. We're just working off of probabilities. So when one candle closes within the range of the previous candle that's a bullish sign. If it closes below it that's a bearish sign. If it closes above it again bullish sign. And then if it sweeps the high but closes within it that's a bearish sign. It's all covered in the four hour model. Set up make sure you guys watch that video. So you want to match up trends as mentioned before the fractal nature of the market. You want to make sure that your lower time frame matches up with your higher time frame. So here we are on the daily time frame. Now as you can see we just hit a daily fair value gap right there. Ignore these little arrows. Those are just random trades that were taken. So we just hit this fair value gap on the daily time frame right. There's your liquidity down there. More liquidity up here. And this is where the market is sitting. So right now we have to be cognizant of this fair value gap. We have to be cognizant of this fair value gap here as well. So we just kind of wicked up here as well meaning the candles wick just touched it but it still counts. So the fact that we hit this and push down and then this candle went completely down it closed bearish. This one was a small candle and here this is current day. We're having a tough time getting past the midpoint of this fair value gap. So it shows that the market is weak. Kind of shows a bearish outlook right. This whole week the market has been driving down, came up a little bit and now it's just kind of moving sideways. So mostly consolidating but we want to use this in confluence with our lower time frame. Then we go to the 4-hour and we mark up the same thing. So here's where price is sitting. What's the most closest fair value gap that's being affected? Or sorry it is affecting price. It's this one right here. Candle 1, candle 2, candle 3. This is the hole that's left in between. I'm going to change this color so you guys can see it. I'm going to change it to purple. So daily is yellow, purple is 4-hour. So again we're still consolidating here on the 4-hour. Each one of these candles represents 4 hours. So still having a tough time getting past the midpoint of this fair value gap. So showing somewhat bearish momentum. Consolidating and bearish momentum. There's obviously other things we use as confluence but we're going to just go with this for now. So now when I'm trading on the 5-minute, I already have two higher time frames that are somewhat giving me a bearish signal. So ideally I'd like to match up my current move in that same direction if I can. So there's liquidity up here. Equal relative highs. All these high points. We'll include them all. So if the market wants to go down, it would only make sense that first it would take this liquidity. Almost imagine it coming up here to take out these highs and gather up more gas. So if it wants to accelerate, there's literally gas at the top of each one of these points. Liquidity. That's the market's lifeblood. So if it sweeps up here, then there might be a potential to short the market. Because it's already taken out all these orders and we're hitting this higher time frame. Fair value gap. So there's a lot of confluence to potentially look for a short setup. And that's how you line up all these trends on the lower time frame. Starting from the higher time frame all the way down but you want to make sure you're going in the same direction. That makes for a higher probability trade. So the market hasn't taken out these highs yet but once it does, and I can set an alert here just by hitting this plus button, add an alert. So it'll signal me on my phone the second the market takes out these highs. And then I can reassess and see if it's showing any bearish momentum, gassing out and wanting to drop. Again, we use this with other confluence but this is just to show you guys overall that you want to match up all these trends and you want to kind of go with the trend, flow with the current as opposed to counter trend trading and trying to swim up current. So PD arrays. What are premium and discount PD zones? Categorized as premium above equilibrium or 50% of the Fibonacci range. And discount below equilibrium or 50% of the Fibonacci range. These zones help traders predict price reversals or continuations. The market makers buy low below 50% and sell high above 50%. So when you take your Fibonacci tool and you drop it on top of any range, let's say it's the New York range, New York low to New York high. Now 50%, anything below that 50% is considered discounted and everything above that is considered premium. So the market buys low sells high. It only makes sense for it to dip below 50% and that's when we start pairing it up with certain zones like fair value gaps. So higher timeframe PD arrays. These are significant levels that the market is drawn to including previous days, high, low, fair value gaps and order blocks on higher timeframes like the four hour, the daily or the weekly. Other PD arrays include daily and weekly opening gaps. We see the new day opening gap. That's the closing, sorry that's the gap left between previous days close and current days open and that's marked out on the market translator as end dog, new day opening gap. And then opening week gap which is also painted out by the market translator and again that's close of previous week on Friday and open of current week on Sunday evening. So once again the opening week gap happens when the market opens on Monday at a different price than Friday's close triggered by weekend news, geopolitical events or global markets open over the weekend. There's a 60% chance that the market will try to fill in these gaps at NYC open with the weekly gap being a zone that the market retraces to several times during the week. So practical use, combine PD arrays with fair value gaps and liquidity levels for high probability setups. For example, price rejecting a premium zone after breaking the previous days high. And again we're going to show you what this looks like on the chart. So it might sound a little like jargon right now but just stick with us. So tips, align trades with higher time frame trends, use PD arrays for entry exit points and confirm with candlestick pattern or EMAs. So once again if everything after you drop in a Fibonacci, if everything under 50% is considered discounted and everything above it is considered premium and the market buys low and sells high, then when the market dips below 50% then you want to pair that up with a fair value gap that's under 50% that the market could tap and then use that as a foothold to push up and vice versa if you're pushing down. So once again we're going to show you what that looks like on a live chart next. All right guys, this is just to help you visualize the PD arrays. Now obviously we're on the daily time frame. So there's the midpoint, right? We took a Fibonacci from this ranges low to high and that's just pretty much the last low to the last high, right? We drop in this Fibonacci tool that you can get from the toolbar and or you can drop in a box tool as well. This box tool is fine from range high to range low and we mark off the 50% right there. And the best way to do it, you can either do this once again on the daily time frame. So you have pretty much the overall daily range or you could even take 50% of the previous days measurement, right? So you know where all the PD arrays are within that candle. But once again, all this is to just help you visualize how the market works. Remember they buy low, sell high. So if you're up above into this green section, that means everything in this section is considered premium. If you have a fair value gap in here, it's a premium fair value gap. If you have liquidity here, it's a premium liquidity zone. And everything below this 50% is discounted. So there's a discounted fair value gap down here, right? There's discounted liquidity zones down here. So now if I'm going to do a sweep, we're most likely to get a reversal after it's swept out and went down for these discounted zones, right? Buying low, selling high. So if all of a sudden I have a bearish signal on my indicator and it's telling me that this is a perfect sell setup, what am I going to aim for? I'm going to aim for one of the liquidity zones in the discounted area, right? We're going to maybe try to go for this wick, this low right here where liquidity sits or this fair value gap down here, which is discounted. But all of a sudden, if I got a bullish signal and we're above the 50%, I'm going to head for a higher zone where they can potentially sell, right? So they're going to head for this liquidity up here or this fair value gap right here. But just remember that. We use this in confluence with everything else, but anything above a 50% and that could be on the daily timeframe right here within an entire range or I could just take the 50% of previous day's candle, right? The high and the low, since I'm only doing my strategy on the five minute, right? Whatever four hour fair value gaps or one hour fair value gaps that are above the 50% of previous day's candle are considered premium and below are going to be discounted. And they just help figure out what targets we're aiming for. That's all. This is just good to know where exactly is the market probably reaching for. It wants to most likely reach into a discounted area, buy it low and then extend into a premium area where it can sell high. That's all PD arrays are used for, just that word, PD array, premium discount. Remember that.