Now let's get into Zeus, the higher timeframe algorithm. So Zeus is our higher timeframe indicator which can forecast the market's 30-60 days out. The entry is the exact same as the market translator but on different timeframes. And just like the market translator, it is fractal in nature. So there is a high probability that the same pattern that sets up on the 4-hour timeframe will most likely repeat on the daily timeframe. So you could take the earlier setup first just like we see the setup happen on the 1-minute on the market translator and New York open, Asia open. The same way we can actually take the 4-hour setup on Zeus when the new sessions appear. Manipulation move, M signal. Just like the market translator, Zeus outlines a higher timeframe manipulation move with a big M. When you see this M, it means that the market actually wants to go in the opposite direction of this signal. Once we have this signal, then we begin to look for an entry which is covered a little later. So M signal appears on daily timeframe. We wait for a daily fair value gap to be created in the opposite direction of the signal. Then we wait for the market to tap this fair value gap and create another fair value gap on the 4-hour timeframe just like the market translator. The next step, we wait for the market to tap this 4-hour fair value gap and create another fair value gap on the 15-minute timeframe. And finally, one final tap of this 15-minute fair value gap and a closure over the series of candles that tap this gap and that would be your entry. So we're going to go over the model itself. We're not going to have too many examples because it's the exact same as the market translator. So if you're looking for more examples, please watch that video in depth. It's just the timeframes that have changed. So there's your manipulation move. This is a bullish model. You get a first daily fair value gap. Market comes back and taps it. Expansion met with expansion. We create the first 4-hour fair value gap. And then on the next slide, we'll show you the 15-minute. Now that was the first 4-hour fair value gap. From the last slide, we hit it. Expansion met with expansion, engulfing candle. Then we create a 15-minute fair value gap right there. Market came back and tapped it. And then we look for a closure over the series of candles just like the market translator. So the leg and the series of candles that touch this 15-minute candle, we want to see a body close over that body that started that drop. So we're not counting the wicks, just body and body. This is the beginning of that series of candles. Here it's only 2, but it could be 5 or 6. Tapped it. We want to see a nice V shape going into that fair value gap and then out of it and closing above that. That would be your entry. Stop loss would be here under the 15-minute candle that touched the 15-minute fair value gap or you can actually put it here as well. That'd be a little bit more of a safer stop loss. And then you set for either 1 to 3 or we look for if it's a stock, then we're looking to see what the analysts are saying as far as projections. We can use the end of the session as our take profit or we could actually go for a 1 to 3, especially if you're doing swing trading. But we'll go over that in a little bit later. M signal bearish model. There's your M signal, daily fair value gap. Market came back to it, tapped the daily, created a 4-hour fair value gap, remember to hit a fair value gap, create a fair value gap. And then on the next slide, we'll show you the entry. So that was the same 4-hour fair value gap from the previous slide. Market came back, hit it. Expansion met with expansion. 15-minute fair value gap created. Market came back, tapped it. Then we look for a series or sorry, a closure over the series of candles that created that push into the 15-minute fair value gap. There's your entry. There's your stop loss. We'll go to safer stop loss up here if you'd like. And then again, you go for 1 to 3, what the analysts are saying, depending on what you're looking at. If you're looking at stocks, indices, commodities, remember this works across every single asset. All right, guys, we're going to jump right into the double break signal. We don't want to end date you with too many videos. It's the exact same setup as the market translators, so just different timeframes. So the double break is a continuation signal that lets you know that the market wants to continue in the direction of the DB signal. Imagine this like a dealer revealing their hand to us. Now we can only look for a setup in the direction of the double break signal or nothing at all. So here's the sequence of events. You get a double break signal, which gives us a strong continuation bias. We wait for a retracement. So after a DB price will pull back into our range, 70 to 80% chance that we'll get a retracement. Then we look for our entry. After retracing, we wait for a daily fair value gap to be created and tapped, and then a four-hour fair value gap to be created and tapped, and finally a 15-minute fair value gap to be created and tapped, then a closure over the series of candles that created that 15, sorry, that tapped that 15-minute fair value gap, and that becomes your entry. And again, we'll show you what that looks like on the charts. So here we have your daily bullish signal. There's your daily bearish signal. And again, you'll get, there's your manipulation. That was the fair value gap that was created by the manipulation, but it wasn't respected. Market ran right through and gave us a double break. Same thing here on the bearish manipulation. First presented fair value gap from the manipulation signal, but market disrespected it and gave us a double break. Now we're just looking for a retracement and a setup that we cover on the next slide. So here's the double break bullish signal. Double break, we pull back to a higher time frame area. This could be a monthly fair value gap. This could be a weekly fair value gap. This could be our DSD higher low. And then we look for a daily fair value gap setup. Market comes back and taps it. This is just zoomed in, the same daily fair value gap. Market tapped it, gave us a four-hour fair value gap, tapped it, and then we will look for an entry on the next slide. That's the same four-hour fair value gap from the last slide. Market came back, tapped it, expansion, met with expansion. One in, one back out. First 15-minute fair value gap created. Market tapped it, and then we look for that closure over the series of candles that tapped that 15-minute fair value gap. That's your stop loss, a few ticks above, sorry, below that, or you can make this a safer stop loss right here, the leg that contains the 15-minute fair value gap. Now here's the double break bearish signal. So manipulation, double break, retracement, back to a higher time frame. Now again, this could be a monthly fair value gap, a weekly fair value gap. It could be our DSD higher low. The market gave us a first presented daily fair value gap, which the market came back and tapped. Now here it is, that same daily fair value gap zoomed in for the four-hour. Market came back and tapped it, expansion, met with expansion, back out, created a four-hour fair value gap that the market eventually came back and tapped, pushed up, and then on the next slide, we will show you what the entry looks like. Now here's the 15-minute entry. That's the same four-hour fair value gap from the last slide. Market came back, tapped it, expansion, met with expansion. Which presented 15-minute fair value gap. Market tapped it, pushed out, closed over the series of candles. That would have been your entry here. As soon as you had the closure, and then your stop loss would have been the tap, the candle that tapped the 15-minute fair value gap. Or a safer stop loss would be up here, candle one of this three-candle pattern that created the 15-minute fair value gap. You could put it right here. And we're going to show you what that looks like live. So remember the ZOO strategy is exactly the same as the market translator strategy. The only difference is different time frames. So instead of a five-minute setup, a one-minute confirmation and a 30-second entry, like you have with market translator, here you have a daily setup, a four-hour confirmation, and a 15-minute entry. But other than that, it's exactly the same. So here we're going to look at a double break setup. And again, it is fractal, so you can actually catch this move on the four-hour, and we'll show you what that looks like. So we had a double break. This is on the daily time frame, the higher time frame. Double break, pull back, daily fair value gap, market came back to it, tapped it. That's the first four-hour fair value gap created. We'll jump down. Just going to take it back. Keep in mind this is a stock we're looking at. And with the higher time frame, again, you can invest in stocks, do options trading or swing trading. So there was the four-hour setup. It happened first, pull back, fair value gap, tap, 15-minute. Technically you would have taken it from here down. So the setup happened earlier. Remember, it's a fractal strategy, just like we cover in the market translator when we go over the one-minute strategy. So you can technically do it on the four-hour, and then on the four-hour, all you'd have to wait for is a pullback, a four-hour fair value gap to be created, tapped, a 15-minute fair value gap to be created and tapped and closed over, and you can officially take that. But here we're looking at the daily. So that was the four-hour, came back and tapped it. That was the first 15-minute fair value gap that was created. It came back, or rather tapped it here, dropped, came back up. Now your stop loss here, we'd wait for a candle to close above it, and then we'd want to wait to see if the next candle rebalances back into the range. That's how we protect ourselves from the stop loss, or the stop hunt, I should say. So as the market came back, it wicked here, and then it eventually closed above our preliminary stop loss. Sorry, that should be up here. It came back, closed above it, and then immediately rebalanced below it. That becomes our new stop loss. And then the market dropped. So we would have taken it back here, but this is our preliminary stop. We tapped it here, and then we closed under the series of candles that pushed up. It was only one candle. So we would have waited for the market to close. We would have taken it here. That's your preliminary stop. Market came back up. This is your definitive stop, just like we talk about in the market translator. And then you got a big drop after that. And it kept going and going. That was the next setup. Double break, retracement, daily four hours. Sorry, this is on the four hour now. Four hour fair value gap tap. Make sure you put a found a 15 minute in there. Closure, wicked the high again, dropped, and so on and so on as it continues down. Now let's jump back to the daily for a second here. Now there's nothing that can call out the bottom of a market, but this thing comes pretty close. So then here was our manipulation move. This was the first one that actually gave us a proper setup. Daily fair value gap. It was in here. Four hour fair value gap, 15 minute, and then a push up after it already hit the bottom to take out the blue zone highs. Now just keep in mind, just like on the lower timeframe on the market translator, we have New York session, Asia session, London session, and the New York PM session, those four sessions. Here we concentrate on seasons. Now each box isn't covering an exact season, but that's how we forecast the higher timeframe. We look for these setups depending on the season as we go forward. After signals have already happened or you're consolidating, you have to wait for the next season and or the next box to appear and the next signals. It's not exactly perfect, but again, as you expand any strategy, you're going to find a little bit of manipulation has to happen in order for the math to make sense. So again, that would have been the entry to take out the high. Now you can go for a one to three or you can use right here, the analysts and see what they're saying. So if analysts are giving this a $56 target and you get in at 27 or even 17, technically down here, then you could either hold all the way up there and make sure you're securing your position. You're closing off some of it as you go up past certain zones or you can just hold it all the way there. Make sure your stop losses are set. Now there's only one thing that's different on the Zeus indicator that is not on the market translator and that's because it's a higher timeframe strategy. These vertical lines represent 30, 60, or sorry, 20, 40 and 60 days back. That's the area you want to focus on. When we're looking for setups, it should be happening within that zone between the 20, 40 and 60 days back. Anything past that, it's already happened. That's not going to help us much. So that's really just to let you know where those zones are. This is what's in play right now. We want to find our setups in this area. The DSD high and the DSD low are exactly the same. Sorry, that's a different area. I was pointing out earlier. DSD low, DSD high. You can use those as your take profits as well as the markets go up into that area or bounce off of them. You want to match that up with the signals. So remember, make sure you understand the market translator indicator and that video because that's the core basis of what this strategy is. It's just been expanded. So it works the exact same way. The only difference as mentioned before is just the timeframe for our setup, confirmation and entry. And then again, it's fractal as well, just like we can jump in on a one minute with the market translator. Here you can jump in on the four hour where you'll get the potential setup beforehand.